^This is a bot providing a service. If you have any questions, please ^message the moderators is a list of links to comments made by Supercell in this thread:Comment #1 - dani_supercell - I actually try to bring t...Comment #2 - dani_supercell - Yes
*looking for easter eggs on the signs photo*
Yeah you guys are awesome.
Brawl Stars seriously has an amazing dev team
Shame on everyone who thinks a mobile game cant have a huge following and support
*We all love brawl stars* All my homies love brawl stars
Its you guysNo dev team is so cool, to add a new lore, morse codes, hidden secrets and stuff. You guys are creative. You all work so hard on the game, it makes it cool! The hardwork and effort you guys put in your game sparkles in the result, you never disappoint anyone if us! Thanks for everything you have given to us and Brawl Stars. You all are the best and, I just can't get words! Thank You Brawl Stars Team :          Edit:- In the future can we have the rest of the team too with Frank, Ryan and Dani to be in the Brawl Talk?
I would like to spend a moment to thank the developers and the Supercell Team for creating a game that will be enjoyed by millions of players worldwide for years to come. I'm surprised by the amazing communication between the developers and their community, and the amount of interaction when comparing to other mobile games! My goal isn't to be popular or famous on the subreddit, but a user that constantly gives ideas/suggestions to the developers on how to improve the game! Might also sneak an animation or signing video to make your day!2020 has been a rough year, and we are fighting the pandemic together! As a content creator, it was a pleasure being part of the community and r/BrawlStars, and I want to wish you guys the best of luck in 2021!
Thank you all for making this year brawl stars, best for all
This may sound cliche, but Brawl Stars helped me tackle certain aspects of my life that I couldnt deal with.One my biggest problems was trying to make friends, ones that truly cared about me. In school, the closest Ive had were people I talked to the most or just classmates that I knew best. Little did I know that BS would start gaining tons of players in 2019 and eventually blow up in 2020. My best friends not only had similar interests, but it was just pure coincidence that they happened to play the game as well. Since then, me and my friends have visited each other a few times, and helped each other get through 2020.BS also happened to give a sort of spark in me when it came to thing I wanted to do in life. That spark was for art, it all started while I was texting a friend. Then I had the most random idea during it, I thought to myself, What if I try to see how well I can recreate Taras portrait? since she was my favorite brawler at the timeand shes still one of my favorites to this day. It turned out ok, but I wanted to keep going. So, I drew more of the brawler portraits, and eventually, I started branching out by doing some of my own fan art. Im still striving to improve, and now I actually have a job that I could think about doing in the future.Finally, the most important thing, finding other people that like the game as well. It then occurred to me, Why not get Reddit, seems like the perfect place for BS players to have a community. So, I downloaded Reddit on my phone, joined the subreddit, and I was immediately blown away. A variety of unique things were present here, from well made memes, concepts for skins, fan art, ideas for new game features, and even concepts for new brawlers that could be addedWhich Im making a brawler idea right now lol. Despite me being on Reddit for only just over a year, this community has brought me joy and made me interact more on the internet than I ever have before.2020 was a huge year for BS. There were game changing features like Gadgets and Brawl Pass, fun and exciting new brawlers like Edgar and Surge, and with and amazing and caring dev team behind it all, it was just bound to be successful. Thank you Supercell, for creating a game loved by millions, and thank you all, for making the community such a great place to be in.If youve made it this far, than I have one more thing to say. Thank you all for an amazing year. See you all in 2021!
Hands down one of the best mobile gaming communitys out there, like man....Im not crying or anything its just really humid and my eyes are sweating
where's the colonel ruffs flair? ;
Long Live Brawl Stars.
Franks signature is epic
"Because we think you'll like what we have in store for2021" made me weak in the knees. I love you guys and I LOVE Brawl Stars. You gave me and my kids our first real video game to play and geek out about together. Thank you for all the joy! 
Thank you so much for watching my videos & for making an honest effort to apply feedback from the community! Brawl Stars is genuinely an amazing game & this community is one of the best I've seen!I feel lucky to be a part of it!
>who else would try to investigate every inch of an image to see if it holds a clue to an update?Ngl, I was just doing that when I started reading.Jokes aside, thank you so much Brawl Stars for being the amazing game that you are. I've never felt more attached to another game and it's all because of the amazing gameplay, awesome maps even the troll ones, fun brawlers and the absolutely fantastic dev team that actually listens to the community's feedback and improves their game based on it. This game has really been a blessing during this year and I'm so excited for the future of the game! Thank you so much!
I'M NOT CRYING, YOU ARE CRYING.
They didnt mention the biggest accomplishment of the year thoRosa got a skin!
So brawls stars dev team knows that map maker is a mistake
HYPEE!!!!! 2021 sounds big for brawl stars
So i can waste all of my time looking for Easter Eggs? Sounds great!!!
Thank you all for the hard work, love, and passion!I couldnt have guessed all the fun and excitement that this game was going to give us this year and Im immensely grateful too <3Cant wait for 2021 :
Thank you for being great developers, I wish Boom Beach had the same dev team tbh.
please expand the lore i'm begging you
I like how they had to mention day 1 Rosa and Leon
I wanna say thank you to the dev team for making such a wonderful game, for giving me a reason to make fanarts again, for giving me friends I have right now overseas, for inspiring me to start a manga with my friends set in the Brawl Stars universe, for giving me joy through this pandemic, for everything, thank you Brawl Stars for being one of the most important thing in my life, I wish you all a Happiest New year! I can't wait on what you guys will add in the next update
When did 8-bit get a personality crisis, I think I missed that
But When brol tolk?Haha jkWE LOVE YOU BRAWL STARS AND ALWAYS WILL LOVEJUST KEEP RELEASING AWESOME UPDATES!The only game I'll play forever my life!!
Thank you for making 2020 bearable! Such a boring year with all the lockdowns and stay at homes. Brawl talks and updates where the only few things left for me to look forward to, it's been an amazing year for brawlstars , screw covid.By far the best gift is getting my map into the ingame rotation Flooded Dam and I would like to apologize a bit if I sounded a bit ungrateful when I was asking for a reward. I appreciate it sooo much I was simply confused because of the map maker competitions which gave rewards and then my map was randomly added into the rotation which I am no way angry about. I'm very happy for that so it created a bit of a awkward situation. Although imagine something small like a pin for everyone who has an ingame map? That would be cool! Kind of like world champion pin. But I'm gonna leave it there. Thanks for the amazing year!!! 
Im so glad that im part of this community. I just discovered brawl stars this year and already achieved so much! Im excited to see what 2021 will bring.
It's enough to make a grown man cry, and that's ok
we see no god up here#OTHER THAN US
We all love you so much guys thanks you. It was a very difficult year for everyone and it was way more easier to go through thanks to your game. Supercell games and even more Brawl stars help me to overcome my depression and I will be forever grateful to you for that.Love from France
One of the reasons brawl stars is great is because it's not pay2win I'm free to play and got number 1 local with a brawler. Brawl starts is a great game
Theorists: **intense investigating**
Brawl Stars in THE game that got me through 2020. Can't wait to see what's in store for 2021. Good job guys!!
Thanks for this amazing year in brawl stars, even if there was some mistakes I mean, Colts second Gadget *HEM*, that was a perfect year in brawl stars in my opinion 
27 signatures..meaning 27 brawlers released next year
This is what happens when the creators behind whatever it may be a game, film series, you name it listen to what fans want and work hard to make something great. Im astounded by the fact that Ive become so attached to a mobile game... I never thought I would see the day! Truly, Brawl Stars has it all- the personality, the performance, the variety, fun, replayability, and the support through these consistent updates with new brawlers and features. Of course with what Brawl Stars has to offer a community would follow suit.The only thing that worries me now is that the makers of Brawl Stars are going to run out of ideas for brawlers! They are so consistent with their release how many more can there be?longlivesiege
Agreed
Lets go brawl stars 
Thanks supercell
this truly IS the best community that brawl stars could ever hope for! of course, there will always be a few flaws with the game, but it is a great game nonetheless! 2020 is one of the BEST years for brawl stars! we got a lot of new content this year, and who knows what might await us in 2021! once again, happy 2nd birthday!
Thank you dev team!! happy holidays to all <3
You guys are the best game developer team in THE WORLD!!!! No other game developers do things like this
And thnks for swety words
I really love this game, I dont care that much when a brawler is weak or way to strong, all the brawlers are my favorites!
The most important reason for such a great community is you and your team. I am very grateful that I play this game, love this game and be part of this great community, and all of these are because of you. Happy New Year to everyone
Really. Edgapocalypse isn't as smooth as edgarmageddon
aww this is so heartwarming! thank you for creating such an amazing game!
brawl stars is the best GAME GUYS WOOOOHOOOOO
Thanks for making such a fun game! You guys rock!
I may have gotten something in my eye while reading this
Awwwwww :'3*I was about to cry ngl*Thx to you guys that created an amazing game and never stopped working even in this ugly Terrible year! :DHope that 2021 will be better for everyone! :Even if this year wasn't the best one ever...LET'S SAY GOODBYE IN THE BEST WAY EVER >:DBut ofc with masks and distancingWell what can I say...Happy New Year! :D
THANK YOU for making my quarantine so much better! Ive opened 80 boxes yesterday on a free to play account and recorded it. It was the best ending to a year I could imagine during a worldwide lockdown 
BS is my personal favorite mobile game of all time, i have never even thought about uninstalling this masterpiece, when i started playing it was surprising on how much the dev team is connected to the community.definitely one of the best dev teams out there also brawl talks are just incredible and it makes me wish more games did that for showcasing updates
So you know those short term games you delete after a month ? You are NOT one of them. I keep playing for two years now and your game is bomb. I am really thankful for you and hope your team feels well  
Thank you for the great memories And friends you brought to me. I started playing in early 2019 because a old friend of mine asked me to play it, after reaching 3K trophies a few months later, i suddenly got bored And took a break, but now that i have returned to this great game after my 1 year break, i have no regrerts. Thank you, Dani, Ryan, Frank And rest of the BS Dev team make such a great game! i hope 2021 will be good. As always,Stay Safe!And as always. Thank you for everything :
Pandemic aside, I think its been a great year for Brawl Stars. I always get hyped up when I hear that theres a new brawl talk coming around. Besides some toxic people, I think that this community has been one of the best compared to other games out there. I love how the dev team actually listens to the community and takes their advice in developing the game. Ive been playing since the Leon update, and I am so glad at how much Brawl Stars has developed and remained pretty F2P friendly it has remained. See you all in 2021!
Hi this was amazing thank u brawl stars
boys cry to everythingmen cry to big tragedieslegends cry to this
Can we please appreciate the devs for doing an amazing job? By far this is the best mobile game that is not a pc/console port. THIS GAME SHOULDVE GOTTEN A NOMINEE AT THE GAME AWARDS!! This game is very special to me ever since it was announced to be semi global to realese at android. Thank you Frank,Ryan,Dani and everyone that is apart of this community for making brawl a very special game that stands out from the crowd. The game isnt your typical mobile game with ads and whatsoever p2w stuff nor is it a good game from pc/console transported to mobile. This game deservered ro be praised more. We'll hope that 2021 has a ton of stuff for us
Honestly, big thanks for o the team to make a amazing game and pump up new and exciting content for the community, every single one of you are amazing, although 2020 sucked, the brawl stars team was still able to make amazing updates, my favorite being the starr park update, I am really happy with the people working on this game, responding quickly to the community,Gifting some very generous gifts, and much more. Welp, Thats it, i love this god damn community even with its ups and downs. oh yeah one question if this noticed, Will you ever return to the idea of starr for a future season? I loved the starr park update and want to more of it, and im sure many others are with me on that.But thats it, Thank you So much for makingin my opinion the best mobile game ever.
I love this community so much. It's so toxic free, and genuinely appreciates the work of the Brawl stars team. I'm mainly a clash royale player and whetheri I get fed up with the game very often I take a break and play brawl stars. Thanks!
I agree to all of this
Ryan really likes music. i mean, even his autograph has music on it
Brawl stars forever
Kairos on his way to found the mystery in these images
Thx for making the game :
Who's cutting onions in here?You know for all the negative things I have ever said about brawl stars I only say them because I love the game and I want it to get better.
*cries in spanish*
To everyone that shaped brawl stars I just want to say that I am grateful for what you do to brighten our days all the time and for the mistakes you made, its ok because we all did do and will make mistakes, but as long as we fix them its ok.Thank you for the happiness you gave us and I cant wait to see what you guys have for is in 2021.
i wonder what this means - because we think youll like what we have in store for 2021. :
I can see a indian name Praveen
You guys are the BEST!!!Thanks for your amazing game
Thank you too BRAWL STARS for being an awesome game! 2020 would have been boring as heck without you!
Thank you. for making this year more entertaining & Happy new year in advance :
We are really grateful to have a team like you guys! But really, thank YOU for all that you have done for us! Can't wait for next year!
Kinda toxic on some stuffcompetitive stuff usually, but the wholesome part is what I really love about this community. And thank you guys for giving me, and the whole community the best game we've ever played! I personally was looking for a game that suited me perfectly, and this was the one! Thank you A LOT!
Wow, I actually nearly cried from reading this
Brawlstars forever 
TrueGamer007 shuld work as a pin maker!!!
I live drawl stars
EYYYYYY HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Wow, what a beautiful text...and what a beautiful community we are!!!!! A dear thanks for all the devs for the hipe that have done with all the Easter eggsbut, expecially with all the Brawl Talks. I end with a question: why Frank hates Ryan?
Thanks for this year Brawl Stars! Happy new year!
Can we also take a moment to APPRECIATE our game devs?
Its more a thanks for u guys for giving us a awsome game to enjoy during quarantine,the youtubers that gave awsome content and the enjoyment of bs being a bigger game lore. I would thank YOU all for giving all of us a awsome game to have fun.
They are the members of the brawl Stars team
Thank you BS Team!!! Happy New Year to you!!! =
I love you brawl stars Dev team! Please introduce more members to us and keep making more content for my favourite game of all time!
The dev team fails at disappointing us they never really do
Your Welcome,Dear Brawl Stars team...
Love u guys
Nice and welcome
Brawl stars forever
Brawl Stars till the end!
Love You all
we are the ones that have to say thank you
please read everythink he last teorys are he best i understand it peopel who work for brawl stars, new brawlers name name **gon vs zolo** probobly 1vs1 mode, **jumhery** writes he stoys for brawl stars, **kim** makes cofies in he ofice, **anttn**? in he midle left corner my mind is saying pirates becouse or he x mark, **pawel** and **nelly** have  brushes so mabe brawl stars artis, **juna** has paper mabe also with art, **frank** we al know him but he has a kings crow mabe frank king skin, **robert** controles he stoks and how much skin prieces, **santtu** in he rigth botom corner is santa clous or mabe somthink to do with spike becouse or those spikes, **mikko** has a ladybug mabe bea ladybug skin name, **ricardo** proboly star park manager or old rico name, **woo** is just - for happy new year we are so happy, **paul** he seams like a nice guy, **dam** is danny rigth next to frank, **ryan** we al know him, **chris** proboly tect alot , **janne** mabe she protect he servers so we don't see he updates, **minyamg** cool name , **ontti** plays chest smart guy or a girl**, s/e** leter **ers** in he rigth corner delivers pizza, **felix** is cat food , **wesley** mabe makes all he crosover skins o somthink, **whui** frech math teacher i don't know why, **tommi little boy with his hamer kill all** sorry its he only think i can imagine, **praween** teacher proboly fiziks or somthink agen why do brawl stars nead teachers do they have a school i hope i can go to it, **slauwa** probobly has somthink to do with gas in showdown
I'm not crying, It's just a bowl of onions!
A golden Spike trophy? True Gold Spike confirmed /sAnyway, thank you devs for making such an awesome game and interacting with the community basically all the time! I hope you all have a happy new year and hopefully 2021 will be even better than this year.&#x200B;>Everyone in this community has a unique voice...Also, are you sure about this one? I don't think I contribute that much here in this community.
Brawl Stars made 2020 better
This is so wholesome :D
It has honestly been a hard year for everyone, and Brawl Stars is the only thing that has kept me sane. I love the game, I love the content creators, I love Brawl Talks, I love the community managers and the game lead, but most importantly I love the Brawl Stars community. Shoutout to the whole team for rolling out quality updates throughout the year. I hope 2021 is another fun-filled year for the community.
Well, Devs, you did it. This Is the second year Brawl Stars went global and you were able to keep the hype into everyone. It's not a thing all mobile games succeed to. You did a great job with easter eggs, lore shots, general gameplay and interacting with us, the Fanbase. A Fanbase of wich I am proud to be in.
Hoping for a very, very, very grear new year to Brawl Stars devs! I haven't spend that much time in a single game EVER, and it's a mobile one. I never expected to even play this, but now basically it helped me survive 2020, made new friendships, and it's all thanks to you!
Hey bs in summer of monsters in the papers say that spike stole almost all the marshmallows in the shop will we expect any spike skin next update pls do not remodel spike he is perfect but will we see any marshmallow skin for him ??
Thank you Supercell, I hope next year is going to be even better. I've had so much fun with Brawl Stars this year, really appreciated it!Among of all the games you really do your job and listen to actual players what they want/like/dislike, just keep it up!So, wish you the best for incoming year Supercell!Happy new year!
No , Let us Appreciate Dev team More!
We wouldn't have been the best community if Brawl Stars hadn't had the best team members, from developers to community managers. Thanks to you too and Happy New Year!
WHOLESOME 100
notice how dani's, frank's and ryan's signatures are in the middle
Love the game and the community, can't wait to see what the future entails, whether that be Starr Park part 2, or the 2021 Championships
This reminds me of the Obama meme...
We need some wholesome....-ness...in a year like this. Thank you Brawl Stars dev team for bringing millions of us tens of hundreds of hours of joy and ocasionally rage if we're being honest. I know this 1 comment means almost nothing, but I'm sure 99.9% of the community feels the same way
Ohhh  supercell 
You are breathtaking!
Wholesome
Thanks to the team for this amazing game!I can't wait to see what you guys have for 2021!
thanks Brawl Stars- seriously dont know how you can top everything accomplished in this last yr but def looking forward to the ride of discovering whats in the works- HNY
Thank you so much brawl stars for being the game you are. How you guys have communication between your players is truly amazing. I have not been attached to any game like i have been with brawl stars. Thank you again for such a amazing fun year
I like the fact that the Brawl Satars team actually acknowledges everything we've done this year. So wholesome. 10/10
All thanks to Kairos, for igniting a detective in each one of us
You are the best!
so wholesome
now that's hot
This is best game 
Amazing wall of text,i love brawl stars too,even though i randomnly got bullied in a club, nevermind that dumb club,i wanna say thank you soo much for all the gifts,texts and updates you've brough for us,i wish there would be a update that would be like 3,4 or 6 months to create,like 12 new skins,3 or 4 new brawlers with new mechanics,2 new environment,special even and 2 new animations,hope that u make a brawl stars animation series,and a new thing to the game lobby,2 new things,and to keep the community alive if u amazing developers were to make a super huge update,like maybe give the community a animation,a text and a few pictures with a ton of easter eggs and secrets,not to mention morse codes too.Thank you. ~B R K zane   this name is my brawl stars name btw.
Best Supercell game
Thank you for the being the best Dev team out there!
I hope u make a super huge update and like it will take like 3 to 6 months to complete but to keep the commjnity active and alive i hope u post so pictures with tons of easter eggs and secrets in it and a few morse codes. And even though i got bullied alot in a random dumb club i still love brawl stars,thank you for keeping us entertained this whole year and i wish u guys should create a content creator brawler like 2 content creator brawlers maybe and pls add a new trophy road brawler. Thank you,Super cell.~B R K zane <my brawl stars name.
Thank You so much brawlstars team for the high quality content! 
Welcome Brawlstars, hope the game exists forever 
Happy New YearLOVE Brawl Stars FOREVER
We are thankful to you too! Brawl stars changed my life, its action packed gameplay is to die for! The community and the developers of this game are the best of any mobile game, I hope everyone at the brawl stars team and all of you have a fantastic new year, although the year 2020 was a hard one we will get up even stronger than before!
<3
This is a heartwarming message. To the Dev Team of Brawl Stars, we have enjoyed your endless meme templates, Brawl Talks, Easter eggs, great attitude, some *very* swag replies to tweets, and the contribution you made to let us all enjoy this fantastic game. The whole community will like to thank you from the very bottom of our hearts. ArE yOu sURe tHeRE aRenT anY eAsTEr eGGs??
This is emotional...
I just want to say as a player who has started playing this year its been absolutely amazing and this community has been fantastic, the dev team have been amazing even during a pandemic, the content creators have made some good well-detailed enjoyable interesting videos to watch and thank you to anyone else who hasnt been mentioned here for really making this community a special place. Happy new and here to a better 2021
yes i like brawl stars
This was the best wall text I've ever read.. And no Supercell, I thank you for this game! Brawl Stars is the best game of all! I mean the best game ever made by you!  But that's just my opinion.
*Loving the game 1000 times more after reading this*
WE LOVE YOU!!!
Thats why I love brawl stars they listen to what we say and go on with anything we say for example memes
We should all agree that this year was wayyy better with the brawl stars community/gam.. Thank you supercell for being with us this year.
Best game and mobile game I played
Thank you for making our year brighter!
Imagine getting mentioned by Brawlstars
Guys, SPIKE IS HOLDING A GOLDEN SPIKE TROPHY, TRUE GOLD SPIKE COMING IN JANUARY?????
Thx for all the love that you send us. I've never seen a game company that responds so much to the community. It's astonishing to see that you're changing rewards for the end of the season from one day to another because KairosTime showed that it was unfair. And this wasn't the only time you did this.In conclusion, I really hope that we can continue to have this beautiful interactions. :Btw if there's something big for 2021, is it about clubs? 
Thank you supercell, for All these games you gave us in the past years. Btw, if you need a voice actor: i would like to try
Brawl stars is one of the most coolest game i ever played and i really enjoy the time when im playing the game.We really need to appreciate the work that brawl team have done to make us happy while playing this game.To be honest one of the most coolest game i ever played and see you with some awesome update.Even its a small&big update i really appreciate the work you have done guys.See you in 2021 with awesome new content
Thank U 
We Love You Too Guys, You Truly Are Awesome People !
Thanks supercell for all the amazing stuff you did this year when it was quarantine you were there to get me a smile
Cool
Brawl stars its one of the most coolest game i ever played i really appreciate the work that brawl team are making.I really enjoy this game and the content that brawl stars gave us.See you in 2021 with awesome content.
Well, there is a Easter egg in this image: a golden spike!!! So we are going to have gold and silver spike skin!!!!!!!
You are the Best your Community Loves you so much!
And you are also my favorite dev team thx for being cool and making a great game
Late to the party, but I want to thank the whole Brawl Stars team, including the community managers, for this AWESOME year. Sure, it might have been one heck of a bad year, what with COVID and all, but Brawl Stars in my opinion was a much-needed distraction from reality. Getting to stuff related to the game, there were so many quality of life updates and updates that changed the game forever Brawl Pass and Gadgets. The community managers are so good. The team as a whole is awesome, they never removed the Star Power and Gadget glitches until they really had to to implement turning off bots because the community enjoyed it. And giving players a free brawler as a Christmas gift? I don't think any other game's developers would do that. Anyway, sorry for the long comment, and Happy Brawling!
This actually brought tears to my eyes ngl
Brawl Stars has really been a big influence on my life this year. I picked up the game in March because everyone around me was playing the game. I soon fell in love with the game, from the characters to the gameplay. In April, I decided to create a YouTube channel centered around Brawl Stars, and here I am, 8 months later. I've found some of my favorite people through this game, and it's had its ups and downs, but I wouldn't change my experience for the world. Thank you Brawl Stars <3
waitPawelis he from Poland?it sounds like a polish name
The Best Comunity
Hello
the community would be *perfect* if there are no 9 yr olds who beg for 914712 gems lol
Thank you all for caring about the community!
Ohh no easter eggs
AWWW
Thank YOU for making such an amazing game that cherishes my memory!
I'm not crying, you are
No easter eggs?X doubt
Brawl stars is the best
There are definitely gonna be pple still tryna wear their eyes out lookin for Easter Eggs
Thank you brawl stars for this amazing year Im looking forward to whats nexts
Thank you all for making such an amazing game. I have made quite a few friends bonding over this game, and I'm sure many others have as well. Hope that this game continues to grow even faster!
THIS GAME AND ITS DEVELOPER TEAM AND EVERYONE ARE SOME OF THE MOST AWESOME THINGS IVE EVER COME ACROSSJUST KEEP ROCKING GUYS.anyways WhEn Is BrAwLTaLk?YoU GuYs BRING Noa Updatsi. I UnInstaLing.Dont worry about these guys neither don't hate them cuz they just don't understand how good the game and everything is .once they understand they become good supporters.They just don't realise that's the problems of the haters.not that they just wanna completely hate everything.AND FOR A FACT I KNOW THAT YOU GUYS ACTUALLY HANDLE THE HATERS THE SAME WAY .so awesome.YEAHHHHHHHHHHH
Not an insult, just an attempt at constructive criticism. I just want to say this, but I feel like some of the gadgets are uninspired. Especially crows shield gadget. It is in no way unique to him. It doesn't even have a fancy name. Most of the self healing gadgets are the same in that aspect. I don't know how you would change that, or if you would, but that's just my 2 cents. Have a nice day!
Thank you for making this year happy! ^-^
You're all great man
This is so wholesome! Thank YOU for the amazing game 
Thank you for being such an awesome team.
the santtu is santa nice and i like pawel it has brushes and i like drawing
Great team and spirit. THANK YOU for your hard work and ideas. This game is the best! Good luck for next year.
Thank you for everything
Yeah!
This truly is a wonderful community and Im sure next year will be better!
What if this image has to do something with all the brawlers being associated to something?
Awwww!! no you are the best game
We don't believe you, I'm still searching for a clue in pic .
Thanks for the amazing devs right there. Y'all epic! Cannot wait for the content on 2021 
Love you brawl stars!!!
WE would like to THANK YOU for make this awesome game we the community couldnt have been without this lit game and hence we would like to say Thank you to the dev team and wishing a wonderful year ahead!
I don't see clash royale doing this lmao
love u brawl stars 2020 would have been insanely bad without u,but pls delete colt 2nd gadget as a new year price ig,would be so happy if u do,\*\*

this is the first game ever that i have been playing actively for over two years. props for achieving that because i usually play games for max 1 month.
I like the game, just not this sub
SpiKE TRuE GoLD SkIn THiS UPDatE!??1!?!!1!?!
Hi
Hchfucf
Plot twist:the spike trophy is actually true gold spike
Los quiero equipo de Brawl Stars UwU <3Posdata: La ambientacion nueva de asedio por alguna razn me va con mal rendimiento D":
Wall of text.Wtf brawl star become green square in r/PoliticalCompassMemes?
True Gold and Silver Spike incoming.
Lol
They should've added: and a game crash
GuYs, ThErEs A wOrD "sAy" In PoSt?SaY cAn MeAn TaLk, So BrAwL tAlK tOmOrRow????
Thank you for those awesome compliments iReally appreciate that :3Is just really love how the brawl stars team still could give us enough content during such a bad year!I am really excited for 2021 :DHappy New Year :D
Love yall! I usually lose interest in mobile games within a week but this has been the only one Ive been able to come back and play on a daily basis for about two years now and the only one where Ive spent money on. The content you put out is amazing as are the animations.
1,2,6 missing, brawl talk on 26/1 
Hi
This is all cool tho but BrAwL TaLk wHeN?/S
There's a TL;DR in the MIDDLE of the wall of text!
Hii
Thanks for playing Minecraft.
Ily brawl stars I made a Reddit account just to be attentive to the brawl postsThis is true love 
Easily the best mobile game I have ever played probably the best game overall!!!
Im proud of being in this wonderful community,you all did great except for the 9 years old kids,lets hope for a better future
do you want a hug because you guys deserve it
So all together: LET'S BRAWL!!!! Keep up the great work guys! 
The devs are fricken amazingThanks to you guys for making an awesome game!!!
Brawl stars is awesome that's why the community is awesome
I wont lie..but the sisgn page is the most interesting and beautiful sign page i have seen in my entire life of 15 years...
Thank you so much for the great year! I also think that you all are a big part of why this community is very wesome. I can find endless ways to compliment your game of why it's my favourite.
GG ! POG
ANd then there is the terrible part of the community which will devour you if you say that Brawl Stars is bad.
LookForCluesForNextUpdateInSignatureWall go brrrr
I know they said no Easter eggs buttttt I think the next true Gold/Silver skin will be spike
Brawl Stars has been the best Mobile Game I've ever played in my life! But...I still think to this very day that Mr. P is Red the Angry Bird in disguise...
I also must thank you making edgar free! I am a f2p player and my main goal is to get all the brawlers and the free rewards help so much!
thanks to the developers and the Supercell Team for creating an amazing game will be <3
I cant believe its been 3 years since I started playing brawl stars.Time sure does fly by past this game literally helped me fight my depression. I cant describe how much I love this game Huge props to supercell best game developer.Happy New Year ! Good Work guys u rock ;D
Everyone liked that
Wow! you guys really nailed it with some of the updates and stuff you brought to the game! It's so wonderful! Not just ingame updates but also the story and content you're bringing in the game!!! >w< I can't wait to see what will the 2021 shall bring in BS world. Happy New year's eve, everyone!
Aww
* THE worst community* the community are Just 3rd grade bs fanboys
How many devs do you know that thank their community by posting in the reddit?I love you guys
Big props to one of the best dev teams I have ever played a game for. You are some fantastic folks, and I admire your resilience.
"Stop hurting Jessie!"
A great community means nothing without great community managers to interact with them let them know that their voices are heard. Thank you, Ryan and Dani!
I love this game and I am addicted to it. However, I humbly ask the Brawl Stars gods to nerf silver bullet.
Wholesome
Thenks and heppy Christmas.
Thank you Brawl Stars. You made each and every day feel less sad than it was for me.
Thank you to all the developers and workers for making Brawl Stars the best game as possible! I look forward to what comes next year!
***Because that's, what heroes do.***&#x200B;Thank you supercell. You've made my home game.
Honestly my favorite mobile game and not only that but the one I enjoy being a whale in.
Thank guys
Oh thanks team bs : happy new year

What a beautiful and amazing message! Thank you and keep up the great work with this game.
I started playing this game in summer of 2019 and I dont play it as often but I recently got back into it and saw the new characters. Edgar is pretty fun to play as, Im currently at 18 k trophies now
Thanks!!
Someone please tell me why is this post only 92% upvoted.
Thank you brawl stars team, It shows the amount of LOVE and care you put into this Game in each and every update. Happy New Year!
Ive been playing this game ever since I saw the smash n grabsome of the older player will remember xd invitational with youtubers and I feel in the obligation to say No u. You guys have made a game so easy to fall in love with, the amount of love you have for the game and your determination to make it the best it can be has reached all of us. We truly could not ask for a better dev team. YOU are the Star Players!
We should be thanking you! I read what you guys posted in brawl stars and made a Reddit account just so I could say that we appreciate you guys putting in so much effort to make OUR game so much fun and enjoyable! You truly show in your actions with this game that it is for more than just getting money out of us, but for letting us have fun and actually enjoy ourselves! Thank you Supercell, I can confidentially say that you guys are the best company I have seen to play on mobile ever!!!
**Thank you brawl stars for turning an ugly year into a more entertaining one**
Brawl stars
Can we all agree that the brawl stars managers are the best game managers EVER?
Thats really grateful and i just feeling for the first time a real talkHeart-to-heart and a lotThat's why i love crew bs
LOVE YOU BRAWL STARS!!!
> Map Jump-Pad Maker Pretty Much sums it up lol
Thanks a million for brightening up our year with the awesome content, the Brawl Talks, and what not SuperCell. It has been a pleasure and I can't want to see what 2021 brings to Brawl Stars. I am so proud to be a part of this amazing community and I appreciate all that it has done. Thanks a million!
This has made my day and thank you guys for making the best mobile game ever.
And Best Dev Team! Happy New Year Everyone!
That was awesome :. I love you guys' sense of humor, too!And thank you for being the conduit for this ambitious community :.It'll be a while for any of us to forget this unique community I've never really seen anywhere else.I'm excited to see where the game, and all of us, will go in the coming year.Happy new year!
Thanks to you for making this community 
Great Job
Forever Brawl Stars.
Happy 2021 everyone in the brawl community and other supercell games
Brawl Stars is the best game I could have ever played And Mario kart but since I started playing from when 7-bit was released I've enjoyed every single second I was on the app and this is hands down the GGOAT Greatest Game
"Everyone in this community has a unique voice "Everyone, excepted Spike
We love the game, and we love you guys! Thanks for creating an amazing experience for me the last 2 and half years! Cant wait for whats in store this year 
It's hard not to love the game and the team behind it, the amount of detail and hard work you guys put into it speaks for itself, just the fact that you guys are very much aware of what's going on in your community and vocal about it is more than enough. Thank you so much for this high intensity, adrenaline fueled yet family friendly gem of a game.
I love this game,literally they gave me three brawlers in 4 days.#f2p.Please don't take it seriously brawl stars please i still need three more brawlers lol!I think this is the best year for brawl stars but not for the world.But,if there are like these supercell games over here,then how can we get bored.Thanks brawl stars! We will never forget your love.
Thank You Brawl Stars!!!
 tell EDGAR very powerfull so i can't olay LOU, SURGE ect. EDGAR kill all characters because its damage is very much. t must be 2x650 at level 9. Level 1 EDAGAR easly kill LOU, COLLETTE, GALE ect.
and we couldn't be happier enough to play a game like brawl stars, if it will once be the biggest game in the world, I won't be surprised
Thats true
Brawl stars, I am proud to be in this community. I have enjoyed this game a lot, playing since 2019. I have come a long way, love all the concepts. Wish everybody and the Brawl stars team A Very Happy 2021!
Really nice appreciation...... And we would like to thank The Brawl Stars Team too for making this game so much better with amazing updates and balance changes.... Thank You....
Last week I was excited about purchasing my pin pack yet nothing came in my shop, I contacted brawl stars in game and they said it was some type of bug yet my friend and youtubers are still able to buy them Ive bought all the packs and so has my friend now 1 week later patiently waiting theres nothing in my shop AGAIN its maddening when I stay up until 3AM waiting for it and there to be nothing in my shop. Why am I not able to buy any but they can?
I am happy I have been taking the time to appreciate this amazing game, playing, and making sure that the game will always be at its best thank you supercel for making such a amazing game
Recently I was playing solo showdown and an enemy player started spinning around to another enemy because he was to low in health and the other one didnt shoot him and then I died because they were shooting me both of them. And that happened more than just one time. Please do something about that
Hola buenos dias/tardes/noches/ hoy es mi cumpleaos me podriar dar un regalo por favor con su gran humildad
Are you sure about that?
Brawl Stars definitely has a different and loving community compared to other games. Ive never seen any other games talk to their players for such a long period of time, even writing a script to thank us. It should be us, the players that should be thanking you guys. Youve made the game fun and enjoyable for both F2P Players and P2W Players. U give Edgar, your latest and most proudest Brawler, for FREE? Think of how much of a loving Brawl Stars community we have here, and take time to appreciate the memories we have made throughout this year, and forever on.
I am glad that I knew Brawl Stars and I am glad that I am doing Brawl Stars YouTube videos. I played tons of games in my, but this is one of my best so far. Stay Awesome 
Thank
It's nuts that people are gilding this comment from a business account.
You mean the devs groupies who love gargling their balls and never holding them responsible for any of the games issues like constant wifi lag
Flfc
hallo

no
     
You guys are awesome. Despite the countless raging I've had with this game, I still find a way to enjoy it, whether it would be screwing around in the map entry slots or pushing hard. We should be the ones thanking you, and although I still think 2019 was a bigger year... this was a good time to be alive. Thank you so much for filling a hole during the pandemic and not letting us down. You were able to put out surprising amounts of contents amidst a pandemic, and I need everyone to applaud you people for that. I'm excited to see what you madlads have in store for 2021! Happy New Year!
Sah ce plaisir
You're the best
You ruined it by mentioning day 1 Rosa, no I still haven't forgiven you :D
I love this game
We love Brawl stars3
True golden spike ?!?!?
I'm proud to be a proud, if unsignificant member of this community and I'm excited for the future of this game. Thank you, developers.
Awesome
There may not be any clues in this pic guys. It's just an appreciation for the team and their hardwork. The different icons over the names represent their roles into making this game. Let's just appreciate their hardwork first rather than finding clues
Can we also take a moment to appreciate the developers? In all honesty, I've never seen such a dedicated and interactive team. You guys REALLY care about us and we are so grateful for your efforts!
Thanks and happy new year hope its beter then 2020See you in 2021
thanks for all of the amazing content you guys gave us this yearhappy new year for all of you :D
Best community
Wholesome moment :
When you read it all and don't fine useful things:No god please no NO!!!
Hi
it says Ryan.... THE NEW BRAWLERS NAME IS RYAN?!!?!?!
True gold spike confirmed
A very happy new year to all of you!
cringe
lots of love from the community!
Youll not see this probs but Ive been playing since before the global launch and I must say you guys are the fucking best. AAA studios that make console games have nothing on you guys tbh. You guys are great and cant wait to keep brawling for years to come :
Community :- appreciates The dev teamDev team :- UNO REVERSE CARD
Just a group of friends doing what they like, an amazing job a the game everybody loves :
When you only know 3 people out of that Image
This is definitely one of the best mobile games out there, a big part in that is the team behind Brawl Stars. They genuinely love the game which shows in the game as well. So by loving the game they made a very lovable game.
Holy damn... One of the signaturesof the devs I assume I saw was Xuhui, which is my name. INSANE COINCIDENCE HOLY CRAP
Lol, What does Ricardo do in your game XD
Take my gold and all my love
Aww. My heart is melting. I really LOVE this game and LOVE you guys. Best developers ever. I can't wait for the next updates. Hope you guys are doing well and best of luck with everything HAPPY NEW YEAR
The greatest game and the Greatest Team.BS#1
This teared me up ngl
This is probably the best mobile game is existence
We love you so much
It's very cool
And we truly believe that the Brawl devs are THE best devs
Stop It, i'm going to cry ;w;, i love how much effort and love you guys put in each and every update, we can clearly see all the love and Care y'all put in to the game, it's goergeous, the brawl stars team is one of the best i've seen in my life, i wish y'all a fantastic 2021 cause you guys deserve It Sorry for any spelling mistakes lol
Spike remodel confirmed
Brawl stars is awesome but our community.... Definitely not..
Thanks :
Found a Secret Message! XDWALL OF TEXTBUT THE LOVE YOU MASSIVE REALLY ALOT!ANYWAYS YOUI think it means they Love us, what do you think /s
yes but i still think the beans i ate yesterday are not making my legendary chances higher, scam
Well the best community has the best development team! You guys work so hard for us and are just as, if not more, passionate for the game we all love. If only clash Royale was in the same situation... Thank you Brawl Stars team, you guys rock!
Aww
BRAWL STARS FOREVER!
Can we take a moment to APPRECIATE our devs?
its absolutly wholesome and breathtaking what this dev team is capable of both on the technical side with the game and with community managent , I ve never felt so engaged and investes in a game community but you guys made it really worth it , respect for the efforts of the devlopers you guys slayy
best mobile game is brawl stars with no competition
I think the fact that the game experienced their highest numbers ever 2 years after global release speaks for itself. Thanks Brawl Stars.
Awww we love you too 
This community is the best outside the game itself. I hate my randoms and my enemies in showdown
I believe all of us should not only be grateful to the great Dev Team, but also to the community! We all are the reason this game will still be awesome! Props to everyone for that, and I hope that everyone will have a better 2021
Brawl Stars is what managed to keep me alive in 2020, without you I wouldnt have lasted this long. Thank You and keep being awesome Brawl Stars!
Guys this is a hidden message, they're distracting us from something dangerous Brawl Stars or STARR PARK is doing/s
Thank you too, for making an amazing game that helped all of us get trought the boredom that was 2020. Bless every single one of you!
Theory : the names in the pictures are the names of starr park employees^Ok ^fine ^ill ^stop
Thank you brawlstars...
This kinda warms my heart
I agree with you being a great comunity, The work of the developers, designers and the whole team is amazing and full of dynamics really impresive ... however it isn't the best comunity by the sole reason that comunity became incredibly toxic through the months until nowdays Specially in the art section, where "popular" artists/groups spreads hate speech and attacks others who are younger or less popular than them. No, not just hate speech or cyberbullying but even worse, to the point of ppl having to abandon the game just because of that + the fact of being targeted by the "fans" of that "toxic" artists who encouraged them to attack that person just because or they don't agree with their opinions or because they want to cause drama to get pity/simpathy from ppl . And yes, that toxic "artists" are also fans of your games, and until now nothing happends except you guys letting them be. I know you would not like to promote such behaviors in your games or to have it as part of your Marketing Campaign or even as Business Reputation but at least keep an eye on the ppl of your comunity, don't abandon your fans and content creators exposed to such mistreatments and try to know better some of the artist you promote via Free Features.Other than that, it still being a good comunity, your lore and design rocks! I hope you guys have an awesome new year' eve and lots of success!!!
<3
huh there's a dev with my name, gonzalo, i wonder what he does or where he's from
Thank you community for making brawl stars and always respond our ideas and views and always being with us
This made me cry.... I uh I mean in a happy way
Thanks to the dev team for everything you do. A great 2020 for Brawl Stars. You guys knocked it out of the park with the Starr Park update no pun intended, truly.
This...was THE most sweetest thing l read in a long time :D
32 signatures, 32 were the exact number of brawlers we had One Year Ago.Coincidences?I don't think so
Awww, thank you Supercell! Have a happy new 2021!
I appreciate this community and how they've voted in the same troll community maps. You guys are awesome.
Nah guys, thank you for making my 2020 full of hype, actually you guys are the only ones to put hype on me. Sure brawl stars got an entire twist this year with full of new features!
Brawl stars proves that the mobile games of today can still be good and not p2w or chock-full of ads
You guys are the best! Thank you for the kind words :D
You mean the community that wants gem boxes? :
Honestly I appreciate this place more than the game a.t.m.
Brawl stars devs team is really amazing the only thing that i miss in BS is the starpower swap bug I will love to see it back
Brawlstars forever!
Ok
Honestly, even though Rosa and Leon day 1 was called a "mistake" it was honestly kind of funny lol. Especially Rosa, everyone had her and it was just all about timing the shields and stuff lol.
Thank a lot brawl stars dev team  and happy new year 
Thus is the reason brawl stars dev team is the best! <3 100% not comparing them to the clash royale devs
Our first easter egg is: Golden spike ;
Thx Supercell your the best
Is nobody talking about how they mentioned 8-bit having a personality crisis?
I really enjoyed playing brawl stars.it helped me get through quarantine and I cant thank u guys enough for your great game and the poeple who supported with the game to make it better.Thank u and happy new year.
Congrats! So much fun here :
We'd love to see u all! Didn't know u were that much!!
What do you think the average age is for players?
Im so happy that brawlstars has such gratitude for everyone in this community which makes them and supercell in general one of the greatest game developers of all time.
theres 100% gonna be gold spike next update. look at that statue
ily
This was such a wholesome post and I just love how close you are to the community and how you thank us for being here. Thanks for making such an amazing game!!!
!remindme jan 26
Can someone pls tell me how to put a brawler next to your name bc i dont know how to do it
The community would be even better if they didn't upvote maps like mill_molas.
Leon, Rosa, this is Bryon
This is so wholesome
Thank you all for making the game so fun and a great experience love every minute spent playing thanks again
Nice
I love the team that makes brawl starsIt's a game that change my life and im looking forward to this yearI am really proud of this community even by the maps they upvote......
Kinda wish I had a computer so I could make my art look sleeker. So more people could see my skin concepts and ideas for brawlers. Because people only upvote the good looking concepts. And mine suck because I either draw them to small and then the pencil just stains the art. Or people just dont care if its not vibrant.
Thanks for everything! You're the best devs! Happy new year!! 
Thank you back to the devs who continue to make this game interesting and fun to play! You have a great community because you've made a great game and maintained it! Looking forward to seeing what's next!
Community: MaP cOnTeST weinnEr BAD
Ive always loved it when game companies share their mistakes with the community. Sort of gives it a better connection between the player base and the company. Keep it up!!
GOLD SPIKE CONFIRMED
Your suprise in 2021 store is gamer spike i guess....
when is the iran launch? is it in your future plans?
Theres a spike in the picture holding a trophy, new spike skin confirmed?!?!?! /s
Shit talk and dumb kids aside, thank you for supporting us players and caring about us. We love you too 
And you guys are the best dev team
There is an easter egg
Honestly my favorite mobile game and not only that but the one I enjoy being a whale in.
Ol Supercell que tal vocs adicionarem o encurralado no criador de mapas e adicionar teleportadores e tranpulins no fute bralw? Agradeo a resposta e feliz ano novo
No
Creatorcode4Bador
Wait.... Mr P    Gene in a suit?
Tank you for everything what we can collected in brawl stars brawlstars is my favorite game ever its a half van my hart
Ok
Y
This is actually golden skin for spike confirmed...
Yes Pliz leon
i wish they were revealing that spike was getting a voice
When to coming to brawl talk?!
I think there might be golden spikee coming next bc he is holding the golden trophy and we still need one for him
please tell those who were balancing the colt gadget, new characters and the raven to come out the window
Ok so is it here i Can ask someting
Hello pls remodel spike and what is the new brawl pass?
Bohot randi sa game hai mc kitna din se ke rahe ki mc abusive players ko ban koro nahi sirf mayi chodne mai lage pare hai mc randi bc bhosdike madarchod kam karo randi giri nahi ....report karne ka tarike thora easy karo samjhe mc log
 tell EDGAR very powerfull so i can't olay LOU, SURGE ect. EDGAR kill all characters because its damage is very much. t must be 2x650 at level 9. Level 1 EDAGAR easly kill LOU, COLLETTE, GALE ect.
Querido supercell ya que hoy es mi cumple aos quisiera saber si me podrian dar un regalo si aceptan mi id es este"PPPUVGJLG"Solo les digo que es mi sueo tener el brawl pass tengo 7200 copas
 tell EDGAR very powerfull so i can't olay LOU, SURGE ect. EDGAR kill all characters because its damage is very much. t must be 2x650 at level 9. Level 1 EDAGAR easly kill LOU, COLLETTE, GALE ect.
 tell EDGAR very powerfull so i can't olay LOU, SURGE ect. EDGAR kill all characters because its damage is very much. t must be 2x650 at level 9. Level 1 EDAGAR easly kill LOU, COLLETTE, GALE ect. Whey do we pay money for other browlers for their dress. I UNDERSTAND you say us play ONLY EDGAR.
EDGAR very powerfull so i can't olay LOU, SURGE ect. EDGAR kill all characters because its damage is very much. t must be 2x650 at level 9. Level 1 EDAGAR easly kill LOU, COLLETTE, GALE ect. Whey do we pay money for other browlers for their dress. I UNDERSTAND you say us play ONLY EDGAR
Hola, hoy es mi cumpleaos y quera agradecer todo el esfuerzo y desempeo que han dedicado a este juego. Gracias por todo de verdad estoy muy agradecido.Quera pedirles si me podan hacer un regalo por mi cumpleaos bueno en fin. Sigan a si han logrado que este juego sea bello. No se rindan uds pueden seguir suerte. Sobre lo del regalo en el juego me llamo Scorpion. Je adios suerte!!
Please remove this inferior version account and make it normal for all. Many if us mistakenly put 0 as age.
Hellooooo Brawl Stars
No, we thank YOU! You are the best developers team I ever saw. You guys care about us and make our lives better, you make amazing games for us.
nice
Hi
If this community was so great we wouldn't have troll maps, people who vote for the troll maps; then plagiarism of troll maps and people who vote for those said maps. There are only trollers who want to look cool.
Hey brawl devs can u make the matchmaking like to match with team vs team and solo vs solo it will be more competitive
JUMP-PAD MAKER
Con you guys remove the protection bubble from duo pvp? Its op af.
NERF CULTS GADGETTT WTF IS THIS
Nice I love Supercell they are the best devs anyone could wish for:
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Thanks a lot !!!
How about take a moment to nerf silver bullet? Annoying af
Heh brawlstar give me a fucking character assholes fuck.you i've been playing fkr 3 years give me at least a legend come on
Thanks supercell we love you too!
I love Brawl Stars
thank you supercell!!!
idk if this is a necropost but thx sc
Actually i wouldnt be suprised if there was an Easter Egg in there somewhere, Supercell do be quite sneaky about those things.
Ok that's cool, and when is the "REPORT" button coming ? To prevent any other kid/troll/noob to ruin any other game
I wonder when will the club wars feature be added because Turkish users and they want a lot
Back retro skin Rico?
brawler idea: it would be cool if there was a fox brawler it would be really cool.his name would be nayhf. he would wear a brown jacket with a white T-shirt underneath. he would wear a red scarf covering his mouth. it would attack with its own tail, which has the power to grow and change in size.rarity: trophy roadattack: nayhf attacks with the tail with a range very similar to the bibi, but a little shorter. it deals two attacks that do 450 damage.super: increases your speed and your attack. which are 5 times faster.would be a great fightervoice: he would have a sarcastic personality. with lines mocking the other brawlersplayers would get them after reaching 15,000 trophies
Them:can we take a moment to APPRECIATE our communityMe:are you High
a
thank brawl stars
My mythic brawler drop rate has been 0.2611 for the last 10 months...i have been playing everyday...unlocking every box but it doesnt increase neither decrease...whenever i get a new mythic brawler the legendary drop rate decreases instead of the mythic drop rate...what should i do...i think this is the reason my xp level is 157 but i got just one legendary until now...i think this is a big bug in my account...i tried to contact brawl stars but nobody gives any reply
I have been playing for two years but I have very few brawlers all my friends have more than me I am not getting any new brawlers why are you doing this to me
My name in the game is Sujith D S P
Shut up and buff genie  
Bonjour brawl stars je joue  brawl stars mon soucie c est un jour j'ai obtenu emeri et puis j ai ouvert une centaine de boite est j ai toujours rien
Nerft edgart pls
BAN THE MOTHERFOCKER EDGAR
Nerf the focking edgar
Brawl Stars is not a perfect game, it has in fact many flaws. However, it's a product that evolves continously, taken care of by really dedicated developers like the greatest treasure of all. The characters and the ideas are unique, to the point that they have their own universe now.I wonder how much potential this game can still gain. Best Supercell title
I am not getting any new brawlers and my current tropies are 12 k my friends have more brawlers than I have I am soo upset I have only 23 brawlers my friends have 34 at the same trophy levels my in game name is sujith D S PPLEASE HELP ME SUPERCELL
I am not getting any new brawlers my in game name is SUJITH D S P
The game is good but the metschmaking os not the best because i have 18k Trophen and my rendom mate is a guy with 5k Trophen 
Can someone help my username is louisplayzyt and when I was opening a mega box I lagged and kick me out after I taped it?
Amazing
N.
Hello supercell, that's it, I'm the same one who wrote you that letter or so I suppose I wanted to ask you what I want to suggest that a way for your game to increase more downloads that I would like you to put a roulette at the end of the battle pass please
Hello supercell, that's it, I'm the same one who wrote you that letter or so I suppose I wanted to ask you what I want to suggest that a way for your game to increase more downloads that I would like you to put a roulette at the end of the battle pass please
OMG, HOLY MOLY. Is this really the maker of brawl stars!?
this post definitely didnt age wellespecially since a good portion of the community are children who cant make a good map if their life depended on it
Wow. I came for CR and the subreddit and seeing Devs actually do their jobs, responding to the community, making an awesome game, and listening to the community, AND seeing how the community is so wholesome, I am glad I ditched that game! This community and the devs are amazing.
Galera vo no meu canal eu dublei esse brawl talk vazado 8
There is def a hidden easter egg
Brawl Stars can u help with this . I was the president of a club but today someone named action aiger joined the club after sometime he told me to make him president and I did after that he demoted me and kicked me and now I am not able to join back pllsssss help
Why am I crying suddenly
I want amber please supercell 
Please i want amber so much supercell  my name in is: ABDELRAHMAN and my ID player: CJROU9P2 that ID not supercell ID
Hello Supercell I Could Not Get A Trophy Although I Was Second In A Match Hope This Problem Is Solved My User ID # 92VPPCCPC
Hi,my nam is alex and i buy 170 gems and is dongmt give me pls give me money back or give me gems back pls
I love the game SO much, and this meant a lot to me. I love the brawl talks and I always bug my family to let me watch them.Thanks for giving me Byron! BrawlBoi
!    BRAWL Stars!    BRAWL PASS      .      !  -         ?
Fantastic community, where topics about how the real insides of the game work are inmediately deleted, like some twitter accounts that I found StarsScam, Brawlscam which are inmediately deleted. I since long feel that this game has less and less to do with your abilities. I hate is when you are about to reach level 25 and you start losing without any reason, weird things happen and everything seems to go south. I have over 12 Brawlers over level 25, so I know what I'm talking about. What is the goal of Supercell here? Get people to buy more in their shop? I have made some statistics with the help of a friend who has a Degree and there is absolutely no chance of this to be random. Please post your experience here let's see how long this thread lasts
Hello everyone! I just want to make a suggestion, it would be so cool and helpful if at the end of each game that players during that Game could leave a rating on the players they just played with, if each player can see their ratings this would give feedback to each player so they can get better in the areas they need to the most. Pease if you could consider this, I think it would make the game better. Thank You, Dark Destroyer
Hola supercell bueno dias/tardes/noches queria decirles si me podian dar algo por mi cumpleaos ya paso fue el 26 de diciembre pero llevo jugando mucho su juego y queria saber si me podian dar un brawller legendario que vendria siendo leon se los agradeceria mucho gracias por su atencion
You shouldnt have to appreciate shit when your ruining this dumbass game. Like really. Bea is an epic and does so much fucking damage. Why does Byrons attack stack. Why does Edgar have life steal. You get the idea. First, nerf both Edgar and Byron, then nerf the hell out of beas charged shot. Nerf 8-bits damage booster. Decrease ambers ammo capacity. Give tick more health. Increase Mortiss reload speed. You have literally ruined all of the fun brawlers and made super toxic ones. I cant think of a single player Ive met who doesnt hate Edgar. Better yet, just delete him. Whos getting hurt, right? He was free after all.
Wow
Sandy man or woman ?
Thanks guys! Also, seriously, you have already gotten golden Spike made. And did anyone else hear it in Al Pacino's voice? Thanks a lot!
Dear developers give me please please please 170 gems please. I now we very good. My name is   please
How do I chat in chat
Free_gems
Um no
I have ideas in Idea 1: Search a person who is Brawl Stars playingIdea 2: If the person making the map but 18- can make unlimited maps.Idea 3: thats it
Hi Brawl Stars,Ich finde es ist doof das man bei den community maps keine trophhen mehr beckommt.
Y don't map maker event give trophy now??I can't rank up.
hello developers! I am from Russia and I am writing this with special anger because I recently downloaded brawl stars and I have such a problem that in every match my internet lags every second please can you fix it? I have an excellent internet connection well I have a Rostelecom network
Nice
Is this a bug that when u are lagging and quit the game even if you win no trophies will be added...but if u are lagging then quit the game and you lost, u still lost trophies...if it is a big then please fucking fix it...and give my fucking trophies back....stupid game
Character consept use it if you want super cell. X
Keep the trophies back on the voted maps because it's a lot of fun uploading trophies. It is the funniest thing they have taken out after a long time, please give it trophies again.
Can we take a minute to APPRECIATE the developers
So beatiful
**Stop the cap**
I won 5 trophies even though I won a match in brawl stars
Awh
Actually I am so happy playing bs but need a specific pin packs for each brawlers elprimo pin packs and so many other please support us for this
Why is it now impossible to receive cups in the OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO card?
Fix your matching!!! I just unlocked surge and he is level 1 but whenver im playing im loosing either at rank 10 or rank 9. What the heck is this.. The new matching system is annoying me alot. Im leaving this game till the matching is fixed. Else bye forever.
this is pretty old
4
EPIC
  ?
I could not understand why nothing falls to me despite the percentages. I opened a few mega boxes and I fell out: two gadgets and pre-war tokens, why de so I have already opened these boxes how many I still did not fall out, lega yes, not only lega all fall new fighters and I doubly cool it will help me, although I want to play on other fighters. I've been playing this game for a long time and I haven't had anything new
yay
please return the competition cards to brawl stars
Why didn't you guys release any true gold and silver skins for different brawlers this update because I'm waiting for surge true gold.
, where's the Colonel Ruffs flair? ;
Yes
Oyuna yeni modlar eklensin. Mesela kulpler aras turnuva modu gibi
Ola supercell o que vcs achama sobre dar um buff no acessorio do lou fazer o lou se mecher enquanto usa o acessorio ou ate aumentar o tempo do acessorio escudo de gelo
Les quera decir si me podan regalar algo por mi cumpleaos ete es mi id: #U99JL8PQ gracias por su atencin
A friend has created a clan and has not let me join because of my low level of cups, that has given me the idea of creating a clan for everyone, no matter your level, no matter the cups, only the clan will be to play this game i have fun. If someone insults they will leave. Probably nobody will join but I don't lose anything trying. I leave the link here belows
Since weeks Im dropping all my free awards in this thread :
We love the game
I love this game it has such a great community
Bu oyunu iki hafta nce telefonumdan 770 TL ye elmas satin alnm haberim olmadan yeni grdm geri iade edilmesini istiyorum olmuyor ltfen yardmc olun bana
Yes
You activated spike's gadget at the end 
How many of you think there should be a choice to play a random brawler at each match?
I really love this game and the devs and community! Much love to the devs and community, this makes brawl stars such a great game
The tldr was as long as the original comment lol. Went looking for it at the bottom and scrolled right past it 
Plz recheck matchmakingI m 27k+ trophies & i am matching up with 12k trohies players absolute waste of time
I  Supercell!
yo this is totally random, but if anyone wanna add me on bs my id is #9qr8g000q :i will be accepting, and inv me if u wanna hang or play, also i am mostly looking people over 20K
Brawl stars is very toxic because of edgar...he should receive a massive nerf
Darf ich ausnahmsweise 2000 juwelen kostenlos haben
No fak you!!
A
Very long text
No
Please increase the range of Sandy's main attack
Match making sucks dick
Dynamike
hola brawl star queria decirte que ayer fue mu cumpleaos y queria preguntarte si podias darme algo por mi cumpleaos ya que llevo mucho tiempo jugando
This like a new poco skin
This like a new poco skin
What community are you talking about ? You mean 95% of the players being total idiots ? You mean losing because of trolls and AFKs ? You mean the custom maps being trash again and again ? With a dev team claiming those are good maps ?Or maybe you mean the same dev team working on another OP character while buffing the most OP ones and nerfing the already useless ones ?
Hi supercell I wanted you to deminute the amount of trophy you need to lose
Why is my account not lucky ?????????
FastY
I would like to complain about how unfair the brawler system is me and my friend jammiboi and jamie both of us haven't gotten a legendary for more than a year and I have only got one mythic in my years of playing, sorry about complaining by the way.
I love brawl stars thank you
Hello my account ban
Brawl stars matching time is so fucking shit. Like what the fuck do you not know how to make a faster match up. Holy fuck every single fucking time I want to break your necks off when I see the searching for players shit
FIX MORTIS PANCAKE, 900 DAMAGE FROM ONE POKE, ONE POKE RELOADS FOR 3 SECONDS
Bot
I like how he says that we are amazing, some of US are noobs
                   .
Olum supersell naber iyimisin
Can Brawl Stars fix their matchmaking? My account has 19000 trophies and Ive been playing with sprout having just 180 trophies with him. Suddenly they match me with 1000 trophies accounts and I end up losing. Totally unfair.
Your profits are declining because you refuse to address core problems in the game - like cheating/teaming in Solo. Your customer service is terrible. Taking a moment to thank players doesnt solve the problems. Address them head on.
  
Nice
We're no strangers to loveYou know the rules and so do IA full commitment's what I'm thinking ofYou wouldn't get this from any other guyI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itAnd if you ask me how I'm feelingDon't tell me you're too blind to seeNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youOoh, give you upOoh, give you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt you We're no strangers to loveYou know the rules and so do IA full commitment's what I'm thinking ofYou wouldn't get this from any other guyI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itAnd if you ask me how I'm feelingDon't tell me you're too blind to seeNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youOoh, give you upOoh, give you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt you We're no strangers to loveYou know the rules and so do IA full commitment's what I'm thinking ofYou wouldn't get this from any other guyI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itAnd if you ask me how I'm feelingDon't tell me you're too blind to seeNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youOoh, give you upOoh, give you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt you We're no strangers to loveYou know the rules and so do IA full commitment's what I'm thinking ofYou wouldn't get this from any other guyI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itAnd if you ask me how I'm feelingDon't tell me you're too blind to seeNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youOoh, give you upOoh, give you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt you We're no strangers to loveYou know the rules and so do IA full commitment's what I'm thinking ofYou wouldn't get this from any other guyI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itAnd if you ask me how I'm feelingDon't tell me you're too blind to seeNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youOoh, give you upOoh, give you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upNever gonna give, never gonna giveGive you upWe've known each other for so longYour heart's been aching, butYou're too shy to say itInside, we both know what's been going onWe know the game and we're gonna play itI just wanna tell you how I'm feelingGotta make you understandNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt youNever gonna give you upNever gonna let you downNever gonna run around and desert youNever gonna make you cryNever gonna say goodbyeNever gonna tell a lie and hurt you
the ricochet skin will appear in the store or in boxes
i hope we see lonestars and takedown again with map maker
900th comment pog
Tan
Best community ha ha ha so funny this trash game full of bots and ratkids, that the only thing u do is keep adding unbalanced broken shits and tons of skins to fill your pockets, damn they give awards to every trasgames...
I feel like the challenges need more attempts like after 3 losses you should be able to pay for more attempts not just end it there
I will never take a moment to appreciate the community until they stop pushing retarded map designs.
Hola, quera comentar que es una PORONGA el modo de torneo que hicieron, pongan el de la otra vez que es showdown! Toy re caliente loco todos mancos me tocan
"""BeSt CoMmUnItY"""
Wiiiii
Can I get my account back?Name:RaresBucurId:#2LVLG9YOC Xp level:100Trophies:15265Club:GASCA X
a
Is this update finally going to implement a system to where the connection isn't totally awful?
Hi!!! Today its my birthay and i wanted a gift, I hope it goes great a hug and that it goes Brawltasic
Buff Crow attack
Lou
awsome
Hey Supercell, I have a proposal, put in the next update for a day so you can change your name for those who have to pay 60 gems, it will be something beautiful for us! Thoughtful!
Bea's charged bee is to powerfull
Do anyone rush inde with Byron if u do u die
Why we can't try gadgets of brawler which is not unlocked
After map maker came out, this post aged like milk.
Shit game
Everything is good but my feedback is bring text messages while matches just like pin packs
Hello. I hope the developers will see this message. How can it be that 3 weak fighters dropped out for almost 40 boxes? Is this specially for donation? I play only with my nephew, but he is very much looking forward to new fighters and is very upset, in general, I ask you to check if everything is good there, otherwise I will just delete this game. We are from Russia, maybe this is the only way with us ?! #SC-YUJURU2JRQ
Supercell i need your help pls urgently
Bring back 8bit extra life :
is that they do not answer me and that is why I ask them to give the pass to my cousin, please, I will pay them all the emeralds, please ID #P0PGP9CPC
t
No. This place is toxic af
Funny I was on my way to this subreddit to complain about toxic players.. i mean the "el pro's" that like to throw matches, join your club to insult you about how you should never pick the brawler you did or just uninstall the game. I don't appreciate that at all and it happens regularly.
Yes,yes we can
good night, I bought the pass today and unlocked Colonel Ruffs, and I was curious, what is the colonel's breed? 
I have an idea de the Game: I Will tell It un Spanish: - hola, buenas tardes. Soy un jugador de Brawl Stars, Jaime05.Y traigo una idea que vendra bien que este en el juego. La idea que se me ocurri es una opcin de renbolso en el juego, es decir, devolver compras. Ya ha habido mucha gente que ha comprado artculos por error o se arrepienten de comprarlos. Por eso se me ocurri, habl con supercell desde Ayuda y Asistencia de brawl stars y me dijo que poda dar la idea por aqu, as que eso he hecho. Estara bien esta opcin en el juego y agradecera mucho que supercell pudiera hacerlo. Muchas gracias por vuestra atencin.Saludos.
Tenho uma sugesto Volta com as caixas brawl de 100 fichas e 10 fichas estelar como antes mas com o brawl pass localizado em outro lugar e remove as caixas grande se e pequenas do brawl pass deixa s a megacaixa no brawl pass Adiciona modo x1 aleatorio que quando voc ganha 3 round ce ganha 30 trofus cada round dura 1 minuto e vc tem que tem mais no que seu inimigo se o tempo acabar e vc nao ganhar nem ele Adiciona o modo missao galactico que vc tem que completar nisso com um brawler e vc pode jogar de equipe de 2 e 3 e tem que completar 10 misses e no final vc ganha 30 trofus e cada misso dura no minimo 30 segundos pra matar robs ate chegar no final pra vc recuperar a chave pra salvar o planeta de uma exploso E adiciona voto de mapa quando vc entrar na partida vai aparecer 3 tipos de mapas aleatrios por partida e se um mapa especfico tiver mais votos que o outro esse vai ser o mapa que vo jogarAdiciona 2 tnt ate 5 tnt em cada canto do mapa do robo chefo Adiciona mapas de apoiadores na aba de mapas que troca a cada 5 horas e quando vc ganha neles vc ganha entre 15 17 e 23 trofus Adiciona elixir novamenteAdiciona todas skin antigas menos a do rico pois ja teve evento deleAdiciona mais 2 nveis de brawlerNivel 11 3 mil de ouro +10 por cento de forca hp Nivel 12 10 mil de ouro +29 por cento de forca hpAdiciona mais 15 classes Adiciona mais 100 patamares totalizando 100k de trofusAlmenta os trofus do solitrio duplo e outros normais para292725
Can somebody help me to push rank 30
see, this is why the brawl stars dev team is better than the clash royale dev team. Both are good, its just that brawl stars features and everything is just simply better.
Does anyone have an active club with lots of people around 20k and over Im at 21k looking for people to play with
Gente eu no sei quem topa cmg, mais pelo amor dos desenvolvedores desse jogo maravilhoso ,poderia tirar carregamento automtico do Edgar, pois nao da mais para jogar de sprout quando encontra um Edgar com a super. E quase impossvel escapar.e coloquem uma vista bsica quando o Edgar der dano , pois com 7 cubos de poder ele quase recupera 1000 de vida por 1 atk.
I have a problem.How much trophy we lose when the trophy league season ends ?I mean when I have 750 trophy on a brawler so lose 1 but I want to go on 800 how much I will lose ?Can I have a list of how much I lose for evry trophy pls
#8YCG89UYC hesabm banlanmisti sresi bitti hesabm kilidini aar misiniz
deleted
Can servers be improved? Brawl Stars would be more enjoyable if I wasnt lagging constantly because of bad servers.
No
Fuck all of you
For me, brawl stars community is a joke, at least this subreddit
So i have a few critiques bcuz it s not fun rn so plz read what I have to say. Emz is ok but her ult is a bit op, spikes damage is OP like- I cannot fight a spike, MATCHMAKING! I am a lv1 and I fight lv 10s! Its so frustrating because even if im better at a character I do 500while they do 1500 so plz make matchmaking a little more strict I would say lv 1-3 go together 4-6 and 7-10 and ranks should still be a thing but it should be light. Umm they need to give edgar a tiny bit more range but nerf his ult speed boost by a little as well. Also plz fix crashes if its possible idk, and umm BYRON! He is op his ult does too much damage ratger than 2000 it should do 1500 and his regular attack should take more time to do each shot. Surge is too slow so his base speed needs to increase but his power up should do less if his base goes up. Collettes base damage needs to go up but it shouldnt increase that much each time you lv her up. And I think thats most of it- but the MATCHMAKIING im so frustrated cuz of it. Ok thats it thx for reading supercell if yu did :.
Dont mind me just here to karma farm and profit off of all the stupid kids on here
So ? What community are we talking about ?That one guy called "t_nul_fdp" understand here it says "You Suck Son Of A B..." in french ?That other guys just throwing the ball in our own goal like no F given ?These hundreds of idiots with zero personnality calling themselves Tomar753 and you know since the beginning of the game that it will just be here to troll and lose ?Maybe you're talking about these idiots, camping bushes from start to end until you pass by and poof, first place ?Oh, or maybe you talk about these guys playing Edgar ? You know, that overpowered trash you don't even care about ?Yeah, you're right...what a damn toxic community, filled with AFKs, trolls, and simple minded... Get lost
But I have a probem,I has see to Brawl Stars Wirld Final and I dont have exclusive pin
Put a tldr for the tldr
The tldr is long
Can her this out bring
This gas to be the best picture you've put up ever
hello i have an idea for whattson accessory, the instant upgrade, do what the name says upa or the level of ut appears
hello i have an idea for whattson accessory, the instant upgrade, do what the name says upa or the level of ut appears
i dont look leaks about uptade now, i want see twitters there people who work on brawl stars!
deleted
Brawl stars pls give next brawl pass to people who have not even buyed one brawl pass
Good bot
What an useless bot
So ? What community are we talking about ?That one guy called "t_nul_fdp" understand here it says "You Suck Son Of A B..." in french ?That other guys just throwing the ball in our own goal like no F given ?These hundreds of idiots with zero personnality calling themselves Tomar753 and you know since the beginning of the game that it will just be here to troll and lose ?Maybe you're talking about these idiots, camping bushes from start to end until you pass by and poof, first place ?Oh, or maybe you talk about these guys playing Edgar ? You know, that overpowered trash you don't even care about ?Yeah, you're right...what a damn toxic community, filled with AFKs, trolls, and simple minded... Get lost
Yeah just the moment after I read no Easter eggs today, I glanced at the signs photo and started looking for clues in the small doodles And this is my ticket if my parent comment blows up
Might include an update hint. We'll just wait for a user on the subreddit to decode it for us :
Same. I guess it's a Piper thingEdit: Thanks for the award!
I think the doodles are just what they do
Sadly the only easter eggs we can find in the signs are the little drawing in every name ;---;
Maybe they arent the devs but theyre all new brawlers confirmed
Yeah
Me tooHere before this comment blows up
Is that a spike remodel I see?
i hope we see lonestars and takedown again with map maker
*checks for easter egg about finally making connections work, at all*
Lmao
They clearly said in the last few lines that they r gonna share a image free of Easter eggs and stuff. Plz read it all 1st
numbers 1,2,6 missing brawl talk 1/26 confirmed
And i have never seen such a good and wholesome dev team in any game anywhere, also maybe minecraft.
Ikr, if CR had a Dev Team like this, the game wouldn't be declining right now with a fanbase that despises the devs.Idk who are the other people on the signature picture apart from Dani, Ryan or Frank. But I just wanna say, thank you for working hard to keep this community happy, from the thankful majority to the ungrateful minority.
The dev team is greatThe balance team oh fuck no
Jo to m pravdu.
hypercasual games and shitty mobile games give ALL mobile games a bad rep, but supercell games in general are actually good.
Surely
We all love Brawl Stars. Brawl Stars **forever!**
Hi canal
Best game ever
Hi canal
Yes
I actually try to bring them to the behind brawl stars series! But some of them are a bit shy, haha. But you can be sure they are also grateful to you :
Nice !
The man the legend himself
r/beatmetoit I feel the same way, I'm just so thankful for the Brawl Stars dev team paying so much attention to the feedback from the community.
!emojify
Im reading through all the comments but I had to stop to answer yours. Its very often that sometimes we just get lost in our own thoughts and we sometimes miss the point on why we decided to make games. But stories like yours are always a great reminder for us. Thank you for sharing your story with us and for playing our game. Im super happy how things turned out for your because of Brawl. And from now on itll only get better.Happy new year! :
I think you beated Kairos
wow, you've had one hell of a time.
I dunno. I just work here
Hello Kairos, normally youd have too comment by now, but I found you with one downvote 
Yes!! I am ... \_
Pam also?
true
Hopefully spike gets a voice next year
Yesn't
It's a joke by kairos
Except that,as a concept,it's far from "mistake".It's just the community who ruined it for everyone thanks to the winning maps.
Why not VERY BIG 
I feel you bro
Not only boom beach, every game should have a dev team like bs dev team
They will
was the time weve put a mini game inside 8bit :D
And happy cake day to you :D
Those onions hit hard man
We all know that 2020 has been a really bad year for all of us well, for some people it was good? But brawl stars just always makes my bad day great, even tho i only have 2 friends that activly play this game nowadays, im still ok with it. Thank you for making this trash year better with the amazing brawl talks, brawlers, etc. Thank you for the great memories And friends we have made through out the years.Thank You so much!
hey! don't judge people on what they cry at.
Toxic free?
Yeah that's why he sang a song in Season 4 brawl talk
And Dani really loves hats Even his autograph has an hat XD
Ikr
/ I have found an error in your comment: > Even ~~its~~ **it's** a small&bigIt is in my opinion that Demil25 wrote an error and should type Even ~~its~~ **it's** a small&big instead. Its is possessive; it's means it is or it has. ^This is an automated bot. I do not intend to shame your mistakes. If you think the errors which I found are incorrect, please contact me through DMs or contact my owner EliteDaMyth!
Don't be sorry! I,m sure your kind words made the team happy!
He actually is!
I don't see the gadgets name or gameplay too much , I just want to know , does it help the brawler or help it take its role? Ok the good , does it help him too much? Nerf , too little? , Buff , dosent help whatsoever? , Rework?
Yes
This ain't YT comments section
deleted
And garbage balancing of the op, brain dead characters that take 0 effort to play emo Edgar
Thank you
/ I have found an error in your comment: > stars / ~~Its~~ **It's** a gameI recommend that MarioGameplay0619 post stars / ~~Its~~ **It's** a game instead. Its is possessive; it's means it is or it has. ^This is an automated bot. I do not intend to shame your mistakes. If you think the errors which I found are incorrect, please contact me through DMs or contact my owner EliteDaMyth!
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
Protection bubble?
Too many people on matcmaking that literally throw the fucking game
And then the same people will report others for no actual reason.
Ok, let me explain. When you open 1 box, obviously your chances will not increase. You will need like a lot of boxes to your chances increase.&#x200B;When you get a brawler, your chances of getting legendary will decrease. Yes, its intencional. Supercwll said it, so
Shut up and stop hating
I've read through almost every single comment from your profile, and I gotta say, you've got probably the most toxic attitude and posts towards this community and the devs. Who hurt you? : Try pushing above 600, that's where the serious players are, who don't go AFK
**to powerfull, bea's charged bee is.** *-Flashy_Peace_1462****^Commands: 'opt out', 'delete'
They made it.
Yes
Dude, your bio literally says how many upvotes u got on your most popular post.
Did you entered the live via the in-game link when it was available?And if you did it,did you check your inbox?
shut, advertiser
Mega not stonks
Self promotion. Reported to rule 6.
Well... Toxic people were and will always be a thing in almost every community/fandom.They become an issue only when they either are a majority of the fandom or its loudest voice.
Yeah, we should be more like you
Because that's not all of the community,like they say "good community is quiete,toxic ones are really loud" or something like that
It's moreso about how dedicated part of the community actually is. Tell me the last time you saw a community which looked for hints through every piece of media that the company made. "Kids content creators" is a little bit of an exaggeration, toxic kids will be everywhere and same with russians.
You do realize this technically means "free legendary" for every new player,right?
It's your fucking fault you are not saving a single gem for brawl pass and spend it on skins. I am an f2p and have bought 2 brawl passes.Go back to Instagram and beg there , kid.
I was expecting some nine year old to beg for stuff in the comments stfu kid just grind ur own gems to buy it urself
TY
There's Easter egg..... Golden Spike Skin
deleted
did chief pekka just reply to me 
Let's see , but from What I can see, the symbols tell what that person does in the Dev Team.
r/awardspeechedits
Can confirm.
What if it's spike? He's always in brawltalkmost of them. He's always different. I think spike will have some type of major role to brawlstars
*THEN WE ARE GETTING DANI AS A BRAWLER*
r/woooosh
Colt's hair is red and so is mr. P's tie. THey ArE BRotHerS!1!!????11!111
!remindme January 26
Lmao my b-day
Thats a safe bet
That's actually an interesting find. Let's see am i wrong or this is the date of the bo skin challenge?
you might actually be right lmao
Minecraft devs are some of the most reserved and quiet dev teams that very rarely intereract with the communitity. Still a good game and theyre still good devs. They just don't prioritize the community and thats perfectly okay
Well Among Us dev too?
Yeah I think thats a possibility. Clash royale went hard with commercials and songs and it was a really good time. But looking back most of their updates are like really trash. Dont get me wrong there was some good updates like Tournaments My Fav Royale update and Challenges that really brought the community together like never before and helped progression but tournaments were killed and Challenges are just super repetitive nothing really new to change the way you play. Its like the Royale team is scared to take risk or something or change any of the gameplay mechanics. They did it once but all it was was removing the towers.. It was pretty fun imo. Its just the same repetitive gameplay and Clan wars is basically everything repetitive into one gamemode
I mean, a lot of non-SC mobile games are really nice, like I enjoy MCPE and AutoChess in particular rn
*Clash royale has entered the chat*
I wouldnt say supercell games are good. Clash of clans was fun and clash royale was also fun but the aggressive monetization was really annoying but Im glad to say that as a F2P, brawl stars gave me by far the best experience out of all the supercell games.
Is this a Colette reference?
Look! My favourite Brawler!
Brawl stars forever indeed
:D legend is here
all homies are here
Thanks for replying Dani! Means a lot. Still please try, because we would love to meet them! And I feel appreciated that they are grateful to me : Love you and your team 
Thanks for the teams hard work this year too!
You are a good man thank you
Do you need a certian amunt of xp yo get a true silver skin?
Happy New Year Dani :D
no clues about iran yet... i dont think that you are grateful of us T-T . BUT WHO CARES!? YOUR GAME IS THE BEST ! AND THATS WHAT IS IMPORTANT!
Where is our Dani Piper
Sorry i wanted ti report a very frequent problem in my account that Is for about a year of two that i continue to open brawl box of all kinds but i have never round a new brawler i am sure that you can solve this problem
Dani!!! I'm Brazilian too! can you put my map in the game? here's the post link:
I  would like  to spend  a moment  to thank  the developers  and the Supercell Team  for creating  a game  that will be enjoyed  by millions  of players  worldwide  for years  to come .   I'm  surprised  by the amazing  communication  between  the developers  and their community , and the amount  of interaction  when  comparing  to other mobile  games !   My goal  isn't to be popular  or famous  on  the subreddit , but  a user  that constantly  gives  ideas/suggestions to the developers  on  how to improve  the game ! Might  also  sneak  an animation  or signing  video  to make  your  day !   2020  has been a rough  year , and we are fighting  the pandemic  together ! As a content  creator , it was a pleasure  being part  of the community  and r/BrawlStars, and I  want  to wish  you  guys  the best  of luck  in 2021 !
As a veteran Brawl Stars player myself,I liked the content back then.I didnt even know about the game until a friend of mine suggested it to me,at first,I doubt that I can be entertained by a soft-launch mobile game,but slowly,I grew attached to game.On 14th November,2018,I have watched the We need to talk. Live Stream,I was anxious that game would not release globally,and I will never see the game again.When it is announced that it will release globally,I was very happy,and continued to play the game normally.......The biggest mistake I have made is that I quit playing the game 3 months after global launch,I quit that game because I thought it was boring........heh,I was very immature.....One day on April 2020,I was using my IPad to watch YouTube,then,I found a YouTuber named KairosTimeyou know him,right?,his content is all about Brawl Stars,and I knew I had to go back and play the game.I installed it on my phone and opened it,the loading screen is different and everything was different......Sure,I have missed some of the major updates that changes the game,but I didnt miss the Brawl pass update.Taras Bazaar,Summer of Monsters,Starr Park,Holiday getaway.......Gale,Surge,Colette,Lou,Byron,Amber,Jacky,Bea,Max,Sandy,Edgar......Map maker,new environments......Maybe 2020 isnt that bad after all.......Thank you,Dani,Ryan,Frank,Brawl Stars team,Brawl Stars Content Creators.....Without you guys,I will never have remembered Brawl Stars as the best game in my opinion.Only a few hours left till 2020 ends......See you guys in 2021........
Same to you my homie
Lmao
Memes about Rosa no skin are more recent, hence I remember it more
Spike will never get a voice...hes perfect
I think Spike should never get a voice
I hope the darryl situation doesnt happen again I mean, I hope spike doesnt get a voice that doesnt fit him
Plushie noises please 
He should have some pricking noises.
how did community ruin it? it's so much fun! just get a few friends and play on it! of the best time I've spent with my freinds, playing on map maker is one of them. from pushing piper on one map and basically carrying my team on it, to thise insta 5sec matches, playing on community maps is so much random, I love it. one thing which I've never seen talked about it is that it is a good way to gauge if you're getting delay or lag in the game or not.
Very very big 
Why not VERY VERY BIG :DDD
Yeah that would be great, it's just that seeing what this dev team has done makes me sad about BB, its devs are really slow when it comes to adding content to the game.
Why did you remove the game though? It was a really fun easter egg
I joined a few months ago so I dont think I saw that in game, thank you for the video though
Toxicity between the players and devs
Thank you for responding, Dani! Nice to know that someone from my country is working at this great game!
Well, it helps the brawler of course, but it seems unreasonable for the brawler. It would be nice for them to get a rework.
yes
Hey dani i know you guys said no easter eggs but on one of the Signatures there are the numbers 1 2 and 6 missing is brawl talk gonna be on Jan 26
Okay then
Yes
I edited it. Sorry!
How do I even respond to this? I mean, obviously the corporate account is run by human beings. Was that some revelation you were making?The point was people wasting their money on a corporate/business account.
Yes, when you spawn you have this bubble for few seconds that makes you invincible. Very often in the final situations when the pvp are is very small dude that gets spawned just clears the room.
Buff el primo to super fast isnt Edgar a melee too wtf
True
Yes, i like myself and i see these upvotes as achivement, i want people to know about that
More like epic
Ur Welcome
Since that image is dark red with yellow, it reminds me of a cape and I therefore predict that a skin called "Loaded Rico" will be added in the next update.\- Internet Explorer, 2021
Spike next true gold?
Haha
Chill
...
at the time i saw this, it had 69 upvotes. nice
deleted
8bit is a machine, is brawl stars a video game of a theme park?!
i know its a joke . but colt's hair is actually black . look at shelly her hair is purple and her eyebrows too . but colt's eyebrows are black on all his skins
 exactly
!Remind Me 27 daysEdit: welp Brawl Talk was 4 days ago. Almost!
you're right,also name is xuhni or? i can't read probably
They do listen to the community. There have been several votes, they added a cave update after years of whining, they regularly give small bits of information on Twitter, and Jeb is even releasing combat snapshots and posting them on reddit to see what the community thinksId say that this dev team and the Minecraft dev team are both up there in listening to the community
are they really? i feel like they only made one significant update where they added some cool/useful things, but no other major changes like a new map or something, and players really are demanding this.with how popular and how much money they made when the game blew up, i really think they could have done more in all these months
Soul Knight is a gem
well thats true yeah
If you think the monetisation in CoC is "aggressive", you probably never played all of these cash grab games that's flooded with subscription, VIP system, low value offer, constant pop up, etc.CoC is the kind of game that allow you to enjoy every single progression, it takes a while to maxed out, but you won't be punished for being a low level, since the Matchmaking always try to match you with someone on the same TH level.Not to mention the amount of effort they put to update a 8 years old game, they gives us one major update every 3 months.No comment about CR tho
Why did someone downvote you :
Dani op
Fr they should do an AskSupercell series reminiscent of Minecraft's AskMojang series
You can only buy True Silver 10k coins each & True Gold 25k coins each Skins in the daily shop like normal skins
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah,same to you
Okay, but actually there were way more memes about Pam skin until she got one.
*Cactus noises*
I think he should make noises like Mr P, Gene, Tara etc. But waaay more subtle.
He won't get a voice. Frank has already said about it.
Imagine spike gets a very deep voice instead of a fitting voice for him
Agreed, the chaos and madness of the Map Maker selection rounds has been tons of fun.
I mean,some people make maps e.g. Showdown maps with each enemy being literally next to each other or Bounty maps with only the area around the star uncovered e.t.c. the so called "troll maps" and some of them make it to the **competitive** slot,which in some cases of these maps it is a problem because that slot gives and takes away trophies.
Why not VERY VERY VERY MEGA BIG
I dont see it being unreasonable? Crow is squishy , it helps him in ranking more shots rather than dying ? What's unreasonable in that
Yes
Yes
lol
Imagine if it is
Lawl
Some of the awards are free from the daily Reddit giftbox. Plus, it wouldn't be different if people awarded a post not made by a business account? You seem to have a problem with the Reddit awards, so don't put it on the account.
But that is in all modes
You were talking about genie, and now you are talking about El primo...
Lol. U really don't know reddit. If u brag about ur upvotes, it's just a sign that u r a kid. Like, noone writes their highest upvoted post in thier bio.
Damn thats really cringe
But in its first season it is legendary.
deleted
r/therewasanattempt
Well some people have different colored eyebrows than their hair color, I can immediately think of blonde people with brown eyebrows.
!emojify
Its red. It doesnt matter what color the eyebrows are. I have brown hair and black eyebrows.
emojis??? on reddit????? thats not very keanu chungus holesum 100 of you!! the reddit hivemind will decide your punishment! all hail to pewdiepie!!!!
All of thise things have happened in the last year or two. You also forgot that they do all kinds blog posts on their site and probably a few other things that we're both forgetting but in the past it would be silence with a year or two between major updates
Always watching and listening, but not always interacting
Guess InnerSloth is only formed out of 4 members.
agreed
Clash of clans is more pay to progress, however I still feel like the monetization is still aggressive. There are obviously plenty of games that have even worse monetization but personally I still find brawl stars wayyyyy less pay to win than clash of clans
Ofc he is
K good i have 10k i only want true silver
I wasnt active on reddit until June or something, so I wouldnt have seen them
No just completely mute
LOL
But those troll maps are fun too and easy to push, if you find a strategy you can push easily. I quit the game for like 2 years and now e back and pushed over 1k trophies in an hour on a troll showdown map
don't remember of any other troll map other than the showdown ones. but I do remember that supercell did remove that one ball map which had sprout walls and those wierd noise making brick walls.
Brawl stars will come out on nokia 3310 and also gems will be able to be bought with trophies 10 trophies per gem
why not comically large?
As it is an extreme benefit, that is all it is. It takes one of his only weak points and somewhat removes it. I see crows survive mid range shelly supers this way, which is kind of ridiculous, but that's not the point. When I think of a biker gang crow, I don't see how this shield fits into his character, other than being a stat boost.
Yes
Yes but usually there is a dedicated soawn spot and in showdown its not so it give unfair advantage.
Buff both of them
liking yourself is great, better than being edgy memer who keeps saying how his life is so bad i dont have gf omg im gonna kill myself so cool im so funny haha - This is being cringe
deleted

They color their hair?
Haha. Hes banned here!
i  know  its a joke  . but  colt's hair  is actually  black  . look  at shelly her  hair  is purple  and her  eyebrows  too . but  colt's eyebrows  are black  on  all  his  skins 
I dont think brawl stars is doing so . I mean all characters except colt have the same color eyebrows and hair . Sry for bad english
Ironically, every time someone "calls out" the Reddit hivemind, they get upvoted
first off, it's been like 5 months since it blew up, they had plenty of time to do more.but even if you consider this a short time for game development i know it takes quite a bit, but i don't know exactly how much, why didn't they hire more people to work on the game? they surely had the money.
What's sooo aggressive about CoC's monetisation? by doing a monthly gold pass? by making a high value offer that's obviously only targeted to heavy spender? by selling cosmetics that have zero impact to the gameplay? Is there anything other than that?Season Pass, special offer, cosmetic, all 3 of these monetisation are literally something that's implemented by almost every single game developers. There's nothing aggressive about it, that's just how mobile games marketing works, they let everyone to install the game for free, but you need to spend a few money in order to have the better experience. You can call it aggressive when cosmetics actually gives you gameplay advantages. Right now you can unlock every single non-cosmetics thing in CoC without spending a single money, and they keep buffing progression with every updates.
Dani is god
and i think your brawler needs to be a specific level to do it maybe even level 9 and oh these skins are supposed to be players who are maxed out and just wanma dump the gold so don't bother buying them if you don't have all brawlers to max.
It's fun until we get the same map for the third time
It helps the brawler, that's literally all the reason it was added in the first place , along with more depth for the game. And no crow has more weaknesses , he can only chip , other wise he dies easily , and his shield has been nerfed heavily, which makes him more squishy than the shield before, and there is no reason for crow surving a shelly super to eb ridiculous , that's his gadget , it's MENT to increase his survivability , and it's not hard to know that a crow has the shield gadget, and just to run away or have your teamate who is better agaisned him deal with that crow
Yes
No
Yeah, but they will never remove it anyway
Not worth arguing with people like you. Yes I am an edgy memer you are correct goodbye
They didn't self promote, they only put a link to that rick roll song, now that you made them delete their comment, how do you feel*
I mean naturally blonde people with brown eyebrows... it's real...
ooooooo
/ I have found an error in your comment: >  ~~its~~ **it's** a jokeI recommend that you, EmojifierBot, say  ~~its~~ **it's** a joke instead. Its is possessive; it's means it is or it has. ^This is an automated bot. I do not intend to shame your mistakes. If you think the errors which I found are incorrect, please contact me through DMs or contact my owner EliteDaMyth!
This video would explain, why for Innersloth it's hard to hire new people.
Yeah I guess, however the length of each upgrade gets stupidly high when you are a high level player. Like a few weeks per upgrade. Gold pass cannot be purchased without money. Gold pass holders get around twice as much resources, faster builders, faster research, faster everything. Progressing in general takes much longer. CoC takes over 6 years to max out your account as a free-to-play. Brawl stars takes under 3 years. I personally just think that CoC is still more aggressive than Brawl Stars. They really tug on your patience with long upgrade times and try to get you to buy the gold pass. Maxing out your account immediately on CoC takes over $10000, but in Brawl Stars under $2000. I just simply dont like the monetization.
Ok welp its in my mini and none are maxed :
The point of my comment was that its not special to  the brawler in any other way but being a buff. Bea has bees that circles her, Tara has future visionBush vision, and Rosa plants bushes. Those are gadgets that match the brawler for who they are, not what they are.
Yes
Lol
Why not?
Let's pretend it didn't happened, ok?
Woah
it didn't really explain why, he just said that it's hard cause they want to hire the right people....
The gadgets are for gameplay , not ay kind of *what* *what* *who* , they just increases the skill level of the game , not including the broken gadgets which are gonna get nerfed . Even if anything they just give gameplay , nobody said that they will have anything related tot eh lord of the brawler or *what* they are , they are only there to help them
Yes
Lawl
I don't now, they already said it that they will not remove that
Hhhmmmm... we'll see
I mean... That's why.
Yes
That sux. :/
then why is it hard specifically for innersloth..? that makes it hard in general and that's not an excuse
You know... This isn't r/AmongUs, where we discuss about Innersloth or Among Us. We can end that conversation, because i don't see a point of talking about it.
this is reddit. you talk about everything everywhere. but ok
Fot real, i wanted to end that conversation, because i basically ran out of arguments i can use.So yea...T'ill next time and Happy New Year.
If you re out of arguments it means I won muhahahaok jkhappy new year to you too!
Thanks
I swear to god that this is going to appear on a Clickbait youtuber thumbnail
I love how even the gems currency has "CLAIM"
e
A good 80% of the comments seem to not realize this is a joke
HOW TO GET EVERYTHING FREE BRAWL STARS HACK  WORKS 2020 100 % WORKS UNPIMITED MONEY HACK SUPERCELL SECRET MOD!
Lots of people not reading the tag lol
A F2P's dream
clickbait yters:I dont see any difference
YouTubers : *Cries in Creator code*
Wet dream
BRAWL STARS  HACK INFINITE GEMS 100% LEGIT ULTIMAT SEKRET PLS DON TELL SPERCEL 
The perfect portrayal of some suggestions submitted here.
P2W's are crying in rich
*me looking through the comments to see who i can r/woooosh*
I didn't read the title and thought you got Sandy for free lol
This reminds me of that one idea with the title called Give me free shit and everything is just free.
#1 post in all time, never expected that when I saw your post in new lol
CHAOTIC GOOD
That moment when a single joke passes a high effort art
I find it concerning that this post currently has the most upvotes on this sub
deleted
Oh god king frank has been defeated
Download Brawl Stars for 4.99$
Still gonna use code Kairos though.K-A-I-R-O-S, Code Kairos in the Brawl Stars Shop! Nevergethitbyusingbrock'ssuperwhileusingcodekairosmaybenotprobably
This is so ironic and I love it.
I think it costs too much.
New top of all time :
What are those red thingies called ticketsP.S. I was sarcastic
Wait so code Kairos in the brawl stars shop won't make any difference?Sad Kairos noises
If there is no gems,no prices in shopOutstanding Move
Stalin approves
This joke idea is almost #1 top post in history of r/Brawlstars! Keep upvoting!
Thats a tad bit too expensive dont you think? Brawl stars is supposed to be a very f2p friendly game yknow.
I like how its says claim on the top right where the number of gems you have normally is.
Better yet: give us Moonies for every shop purchase.
This is the top post on this sub reddit and beat king Frank
This is called: Private servers :P
My god, why didnt I think of that?
3k upvotes posts: some awardsThe highest upvoted post on a sub with 11k+ upvotes: we dont do that hereEdit: he got one
Supercell: so you love freeTHEN NEVER PLAY OUR GAMES
Ok come on I know this is satire but why are so many people upvoting this
Why is this shit post have the most upvotes uit of every fucking post
Guys what if, bear with me here, supercell made some story mode/free play thing where you get to unlock brawlers for free, but only in that gamemode, so you cant play them in multiplayer, and in that story mode/free play thing you get to play brawlers you dont have yet, and battle against bots and ai, and also get to unlock exclusive skins you can use in multiplayer. Maybe even get to customise our own maps and amount of bots/bots health and etc in free play
That's not going to solve anything...People are still not going to claim White Crow, duh. Nice try though.
Rip tickets
Me F2P: YayP2W: Excuse me? Wtf?
This is what kids always wants
But now the shop changes to only 12 coins
*clap*..............*clap*
White crow stays 80 gems
This would be a great april fool's update
Morty The Legendary: FREE ITEMS IN THE SHOP
Then all the beggars will be happy
communism 100
Oh yeah. Its big brain time.
Cool
How do you get a brawler name after your Reddit username?
H serious
H serious
PERFECT!

Yes
Yes
deleted
Supercell: HA! no.
When your 1 month old post is the highest upvoted post
No its going to ruin the game and there will be no sense of playing it anymore
Blows my mind this is the top post on this sub yet one of the most controversial
This has the highest upvotes in r/brawlstars
Still cant believe this is the all time top post in this sub
All free to play players would be happy
For no reason i decided to comment on this post after 5 months
lol
Everyone in this subreddit in a nutshell.
Morty the legendary "RIGHT THAT DOWN"
Guys, it's fake. There are tickets.
that wasnt very cash money of you
Best idea ever
Ahh, some fucking good youtube thumbnails
Honestly, even if this was really going to be in the game one day which will never happen of course I think I would lose interest in BS and stop playing. This is not fun to have everything without doing anything.But nice joke !
Nobody is talking about the tickets?
Why is this upvoted so much!?
Wait why there is an claim button at top
How the hell did this get 5k upvoted
solidaren
lol,this must be heaven
Well YouTubers already see this soooo...
/abdul
Tickets?
Best Idea ever
Sounds good to me :
dream
Every f2p's dream
Is it ok for make a joke in here Im worried there are wild dumb Asses in here
The paradise of F2P lol
And that's facts
This actually happened once, but the thing was it was when Leon initially came out for players to unlock. But for the first 10-30 seconds it was free cuz of some glitch, Ive had Leon ever since then 
Maybe this will happen if theres an asteroid about to hit the earth
This is what 9yo actually want
Genius
How did you guys kept barwlers in name and picture near your name
Lol
The Heaven on Brawl Stars
deleted
Brunch
Beautiful
Perfect solution to boxes not dropping gems anymore!
I am thinking Morty the Leg- *splitsX3* clickbater will use this as thumbmail
Good idea =
The tickets are gone dummy
#YES!
I knew something was wrong when I saw the free tickets
The actual F2P
#*Laughs in no tickets*
Code YDE Gang
the pic of the post is a clickbait material
1 day later: Tik Tom gaming
This would be good for 1 hour at least
Oof
#JUST IMAGINE
HOW DID NOBODY THINK ABOUT THIS BEFORE
Skins equal wins
Lmao
Gems for tickers
Yes
SO GOOOD
Hah
Sorry, but what are those red things with a star? I have never seen those in my life
I would pay money to see someone unlock everything for free just to see how it looks like
lol
To remove gems from the game u do the more easier to play bacause everytime when is released new brawler you can unlock more easier than open brawl boxes.No hate,good ideea my opinion
If it does happen, it'll probably be the last day before Brawl Stars shutdowns.
Bruh this is one of the most upvoted posts here tf is wrong with you all
Dude this would be the best update
I just miss gems from boxes man
The best April fools joke
Imagine stealing from Twitter for fake internet points.  . Cringe buddy that's cringe
9k upvotes lmaoooo
Tickets?
Ok lol!
yes
That truly is a revolutionary idea
This would ruin the game tho
do you know how money works
Lol It maybe work for coins is a better ideaEdit: imma STOOPID
#Finally, someone suggested to tell Supercell to do that.
C L A I M
Wow
hahaha man i was wating for this.
I think they should make everything cost less since were getting way less gems
YES! YES!! YES!!! YES!!!! YYYYYYYYEESSSSS!!!!!
Yes
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Why are the upvotes locked?
Morty the legendary after seeing this post:Hippity hoppity now this is my property
Oh yes, back when tickets were a thing
\*drill\*,Sandy is free? I would want that but.....really no way
I think this is click bated
Stonks
Lol why does this have so many upvotes?! Made me laugh though...
#YES PLEASE SUPERCELL!!!!!!!!!!!
Perfection!
ah yes this looks right
9.8k upvotes wow
sweet sweet tickets
99% sure people will still complain because they aren't getting payed to play the game
can i get free gems in this please
Ah tickets
XD 
&#x200B;Anyone come here from brawl stars?
eu gostava
Yes
You know what is sad? Its sad but this is humor 
Wow
I downvoted this before and Ill downvote it again.
can we just acknoledge that this at 10k upvotes?
PLEASE
It's so good
No no. He's got a point.
Hola Supercell!.Hoy es mi cumpleaos y queria saber cual es la posibilidad de que me envien un regalo, si es as agradecera su amabilidad mi nombre en Brawl Stars es: Nelsitho. Pasen Buenos das / tardes / noches .
Yes
LOL
Congrats on being the 5th most upvoted post of all time. You've beat out some of Gedi-kor's skins
Ah yes COACH CORY REVIEW THIS
xD
Your so stupid then they stop making money off it and a game that does not bring In money is a game that will be canceled. Dont be selfish it is just skins.
Hello
it would be great
I cant believe how fast this post blew up
Just loves how this became 3rd place in all time upvoted in the Sub
If it everything was free xD
Yessir
Hah
Where supercell will be get money?
Tickes dont exist anymore
yes yes
Me pueden dar gemas plis
It would more likely remove the gem shop more than making everything freeI know its a joke
Hello
Hi. I came Up with an idea for tick's estellar abilities that makes Tick die when it explodes causing damage
*Image Supercell actually doing it*
Supercell sou eu o nighmare foxy
Clickbait youtubers copy this image saying " brawl stars gave me everything for free"
What?!
bro this is a good idea but i guess supercel hates us so yea it wont get in game
YES YES YES !!!!
Disculpe me gustara dar una sugerencia para prox brawlpass seria de que dieran skins gratis en el.nivel de brawler cromtico como gale y su aspecto y que si no tiene ese brawler que le den una megacaja o.que se les.de a elegir
Nani??
Papa
And next time you go to work, dont ask for money
Impossible
Agree
I Will love bs in this way
YES BRAWL TALK
Sandy nice
22 days and this is still alive.
deleted
No brawl stars would suck
Putain de gros jeu d'enculers o tu te tappes que des debiles de gemmeurs au QI de bulot...putain mais les dveloppeurs ont t finis a la pisse , comme leur frre de Clash Royale. C'est hallucinant. Allez donc bien vous faire ENCULER
*EQUALITY*
I wish
Lol
I searched by top posts and I am not disappointed
This post finally got an award!
Are you actually reading this? Over a month after the post was made. Jeez you are a nerd
True
The game is probably going to shut down if this happens due to losing money.
Congratulations for new most upvoted post on this sub!
Most upvoted post in r/Brawlstars?
I hate this because there will be no fun in unboxing them and those who spend money on this game will be .............LIKE THIS COMMENT IF YOU AGREE OR YOU CAN JUST REPLY
Give me leon and idc about the rest  im on 22500 trophys and still dont have leon 
the most amazing thing is that this is the post that has the most upvotes
Yes please
Traumatised me.
**Soviet Anthem Starts Playing**
Wow I have bad photoshopping skills
number 1 in the sub
Nice
for 1 day or a week this could be cool
How did this post beat King Frank skin?
Wait, THIS is the most upvotes post on. Brawl stars?! ITS GREAT
Yes
Ngl I'm pretty sure people didn't see the flair but ok lol.
!emojify
hmm yes seems fair
how did you get 14k upvotes with dis post???
An F2P's wet dream
Amazing lol
Supercell wants to know your address
I love how this is the top post of all times
Oh man, i rebember this. Thanks only we know about this, or we would be in a lot of trouble.
Yes
How is this the highest upvotes post of all time on r/brawlstars?
I wish
Top 10 ideas of all time
People would still find a way to complain about not having enough
I remember couple years ago I was so close to getting Mortis then they changed the value and I never got it
I love how you replaced the gems bar with "claim"
This should be April 1st content
that will be free clickbait
Wow infinite mega box and there no p2w player
wait till they make claim a new currency
F for the tickets
I would buy your entire stock!!
Than brawl stars will automatickly removed from play store bcoz of lack of money 
a serait trop bien
Supercell be like: Brawl Stars is dying then!
Or better yet, make a startoken shop in which you can buy stuff like 75 powerpoints for 15 star tokens.500 gold for 25 startokens and a regular brawl box for 5 startokens
name is mail give is Spike crow leon sandi sprout
Got to love that Claim in Gems section.
They had in the first half not gonna lie
We need to make this top post
Supercell: not stonks
Clickbaiters: This is free real estate!
It would be really nice but it was a bit too OP
Aren't gems already gonna get removed next update? I heard something like that at the beginning of last month.
Wouldnt mind at all 
It is still supercell so the game stays p2win
Wait , the tickets have been removed
Ah yes
A dream that Will never come true
best idea ever ima just buy 2000 token packs
SUPERCELL WE NEED THIS
Then EA Have To Find A New Game
*laughs in I don't check shops for 3 weeks*
Supercell has gotta make money too.. I dont want Dani to starve.
I wont mind
Yes.
Dhis is a good idea
HELL YEAH!!! THE GAME WOULD BE 10000 TIMES BETTER!
Good idea
they should do this to people who main pam, also give pam super star power where every shot makes a nuke the size of the map
If everything's free then everyone would have the same things and nothing will be rare however I get that its a joke
A lot of noobs that havent legendary
Then there would be no point in playing it
Best dea  have ever seen 
Brawl pass I'm coming for you
Nice suggestion
This is a great idea lmfao. Honestly the best suggestion in this entire subreddit
Or EvEn BettEr, SuPercELl gIvE mE FrEE MoNey
hell yeah comrade
Why are there tickets? Lmao
deleted
Imagine
Doesn't any one notice where are June balance changes?
Yez
Yes
deleted
That will be when the game stops having updates or any brawlers coming out and the game is just for you to play and have fun
OK Commie
LMAO YEAH
Bruh
Now that is satisfying! 
that would be nice
All brawlers should be free, like the heroes in overwatch
OH YESS
Approved
This is the best idea i heard
this will never happen cause supercell needs money to live.
Goodbye economyWe will not miss you
deleted
lmao
Supercell needs to see this
Pls my pls my plssssss
The brawlstars needs to be fair.
OH YES BABY AAAAAA
deleted
If that happens It will be free stars
F2ps be like:
YES
Press F for the tickets but I mean, it may not be a bad change
What do coins do in this update? I have accumulated so many of them. What do I do with them?
wtf what are tickets doing here?
f for this not being in the game
We can only wish lmao
Why are tickets there?
For 1 hour only
And how will they make money?
haha funi
Brawlers are free...u only need to be lucky
wtf who had not upvoted???
Guys he's playing BrawlStars on portrait the bar at the bottom says it all
lol
No
Just for one day . . .
This maybe actually be a good idea :P
Lol
Freeeee
Please, make this true.
But tickets are already removed what the hell is this!!!!
Supercell: *makes everything free* Also supercell: because we are not making money with brawlstars we going to delete it
Just make the game cost 60 bucks and this might be possible
Lmao. But if this is not a joke, then I personally wouldn't like the change
But tickets are removed. Why we need them?
Repost
So many upvotes, will supercell do it???!!!!
Nice ideea 
Its a good idea but than is the game not so prety more
Supercell when release this update:we will eat sole
at least maybe an alt game/server where everything is free
SO LUCKY
Then what will that 1 event ticket be? Since there is no gems lol
No upvotesss how
This will happen;when brawl stars is about to shut down.............
I'm a f2p player and I think that would good for a while but after that there will be no reason play it's better to give us better reward and offers
deleted
From where tickets came again?
Lmao that would be awesome 
I dont get it, whats funny?
Tickets....
This is the only f2p game of Supercell and this actually need to be done ;
I support that
Tickets? Wait, that's illegal!
Ok, but maybe not brawlers
lol and it would be amiznig
But Its shit
Then The game will shutdown in a few days
# Supercell: Nah we need money, maybe in??? NEVER!!!
How high are you?
Lol
Oh god this is like 80% of the posts on this subreddit. Cant people just accept that they wont get some things?Edit: I know this was a joke, and I was agreeing with op that it was annoying.
Idea: make showdown map the training cave! lets add brawl ball, springs as well.the training cave is ok how it is
What the fuck are with these stupid jokes
Oh God please no
Great idea bro.Remove gems make everything free and stop funding supercell which will result in the game coming down......Great game killer idea.
YES !!! FREE TICKETS !!!
Woah ha ha big 0/10 funny unoriginal content
excuse me wtf
The game wouldnt be fun lol
This is a epic suggestion but the supercell wont do it sadly
But then we csnt get anything from chest
Hmm supercel will lose money
But the tickets are removed
Yas
not possible dream
That will break the game
deleted
No but nice dream tho...
deleted
Die
*cough* *cough* tiktok *cough* gaming
More like an Instagram post that says like the post for this to appear in your shop!!
OMg GuYS A brAWl staRS GLiTCh
Morty the legendary
That soooo true
Yea he will
Wow i never seen a such comment that got 1k upvoted on it
Plus, tickets dont even exist ANYMORE
MorTY tHE LeGenDerY
Yes this is mine now
LIKE AND COMMENT
Yes
Super stayonline-to win
Ikr
Good Idea My Youtube Channel Needs a good Thumbnail 
Supercell should add an option to claim brawlers
a
Wait you mean to tell me this isnt in the next update
Enlighten me
Thats a fat lie
looks like i have some r/woooosh ing to do XD
Nah needs more emojis
Lmao OP should have actually made it Idea so even lesser people got it.
"Idea"
you shouldnt need to read the tag to know it
My dream...
Also people that arent f2p's dream
But wait, if everyone is f2p, doesn't that effectively make no one f2p?
deleted
sure .. i want jessie and brock summer skins
Do this kind of people make drugs?
r/okbrawlerretard
You forgot to add "2020" in there
Supercell should give US money
I still dont have those PESKY MYTHICS
Im crying in half rich
not rich but still p2w
It says that this is a joke and people found it funny
Buy gamemodes for 0.99$
you can just add the /s
K-a-i-r-o-s code kairos in the brawl stars shop
Communism 100
deleted
Give us 2 gems for every 1 gem that we spend
a story mode for any Supercell Game would be so cool! I 'm still hoping they'll implement this in Clash Royale, but still,it would be amazing to see one in Brawl Stars.
Like you fight against those brawlers that you dont have and if you win you get them but it will be like hard mode becouse bot are easy to kill
Now THATS what I call update idea
This could be an updated version of the training cave!
So like the goblin maps in coc but better?
R/woosh
Wait excuse me wtf?
Im pay 2 win
White crow doesnt stay
And everyone has Shelly's attacks and animations
I guess r/woooosh
no it isn't controversial because it's a fucking joke
and I decided to look for the newest comment on this post
oh wow you got negative downvotes by just saying ""lol""
Oh really? I wouldve never figured that out.
Wait why are you getting downvoted?
Humor
You claim the entire game with that button.
It's a joke
Because people like it...
But it would be free
This was posted before they got deleted.
From who?
W-why
They are first now!
Idk if you wrote this to get wooooshed but idc r/Woooosh
Rata
r/woosh I guess
no u
It's satire bro
Suggestion : Remove  gems  from the game ; make  everything  free 
And a big box for 10 Star Tokens
Its top post now
No
Supercell should give you a spare brain
Its humour
Because he edited a screenshot that was taken before they were removed I think
Why the Hell did this get downvotes?
This is a fucking joke dumbass
deleted
June just started
pay to play?
deleted
If you blame luck and p2w for your losing trophies then you dont have skill
Brawlers are balanced, there are trophy road brawlers better then some legendary brawlers, if you blame luck for losing trophies you're the farthest away from a skillfull player
why you downvote my comment.I meant to say that who will not uovote this kinda good post
No. It's a joke. -_-
also didnt tickets got removed
r/woooosh
Yeah, I just realized that if they did that, they wouldn't make any money and would go out of business. I've thought about it a lot, I think a good, fair compromise to make everyone happy would be that each thing costs 3 tokens.
If you want answers your gonna have to ask in english
Its a meta joke.
Its almost like that's the joke or something
r/facepalm
r/woooosh
But mah F2P
r/wooooshwith4os
You do realise its a joke right? Why do you think this post has 5k upvotes?
Its a joke dumbass
Really? Thats a bummer. I wouldve never guess that the wouldnt do this.
Oh really
I wonder what that tag says
-20 karma
It's for the next update. Duh.For the 3 people who downvoted, if 'Duh' wasn't sarcastic enough then I feel sorry for you
Is a joke don't take this seriously
Lol u have 0 Reddit age and have -45 karma
no u
No u reverse card
-90 karma you cannot comment anymore
Nah he steal stuff he doesnt make clickbait i think
Mortys thumbnails: I GOT EVERY LEGENDARY FROM A BRAWL BOX ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!Mortys vids: Helo evriwan tudey wi opun mekabogs
Honestly, they should make the Brawl Pass free ONCE for players who also have Star Shelly 2018 players. Just because they have been playing for so long
You might want to take some medicine for that coughing.
Nah, it'll appear on Morty the Legendary's channel.
#CORONA VIRUS
You just gotta type it in the chat you know
Sports
Ye, its already in this update
Please dont r/wooosh anyone, its not funny and you just sound annoying
True
dream
I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream
Our dream
What......... If nobody pays for the game, everyone is f2p
do you know what f2p means?
Potassium
Kali?my country call that instead of potassium
I think so
*laughs in 5/6 Mythics as F2P*I had to buy Mortis though
It says people prefer a simple joke over high effort post.
Buy tutorial for 9.99$
Usecodekairosandnevergetbadrandomsagainbutpropablystillget
He was joking. You didn't get the joke.
Yeah still waiting for that clan war rework
Theyre joking as well. Also its r/woooosh
F is for failed attempt
Do you are have stupid?
r/foundthemobileuser
69 downvotes nice
And ur only at 10k trophies so you dont actually win ;-;
search this by controversial posts its top 10 most downvoted you dumbass
Yeah, sometimes I don't understand Reddit.
It was a joke, but I am really glad that I helped you to figure this out!
I guess because people think this might happen or maybe they want this to happen lmaoPeople are weird sometimes :D
it would be cool
Yeah it even has the humor flair
A new brain sounds pretty good right about now I sold 3/4 of my last one buying all the epic gamer deals
Being sarcastic, bruh
r/woooosh
What did s/he said?
Read my reply
cause I want to know
Bruh, star shelly
true here,all the brawlers are always balanced and star powers/gadgets don't change a lot and you can get them easiertbh people like him annoy me beacuse Supercell gave to f2p players so many things and they still want stuffI am f2p too and I never said that brawl stars is f2p beacuse I have a few braincells
How but if you win all the time against 9 mortis teamers with a dynamike. I wreak them.
Oh
that's an old photo I think
Gotta love how he realized it was a joke and has now deleted the comment so he stops getting dislikes
3 is too much, make that 2 tokens each
What does that mean?
Reread my comment
Ikr...what's a joke btw? This post is so real, I think it's for the next update!
Reread my comment
He wouldnt get it
Reread my comment
Reread my comment
Reread my comment
r/hehaswooooshwith4os
Of course I know.There is something in this world called sarcasm
no u
If he needs to do it, he will do it"Its a dirty job but someone has to do it"
he does both
Plyus leik nd soobscryb eyf u waant see mur.
Lol and have you noticed he sounds like gru from despicable me when he talks?
Sad January 2019 noises
I would say maple syrup barley is the least supercel can give to players that have bean playing since first release in canada.
Nah I wouldnt like that.It just sounds like something to satisfy og players and this is coming from someone who owns the skin
This is so retarded i swear to god.You cant just give free things because they are early.I have star shelly, but this is so unfair for 2019 players and so.
Laughs in having star shelly
Hmm... I wonder why Supercell didn't give 2018 players anything. They should have at least given us a free shelly skin. Like, one that shoots stars or something. HMMM
my friend who has 3500 played since global launch
I played since late 2018, then I lost my account because I didn't use supercell id.*I had to restart in 2019*
Im diying
It's in the game
Hell yeah
bruh you really think i can be bothered to do it anyway its a joke and as u asked i wont r/woooosh you
ream
george
Chloride
Laughs in 4/4 legendaries and 33/37 brawlers as F2PKnow your place
Im missing 2 mythics but bought them all at different times, also I have 33 brawlers at 10k dumbass
And thats not a bad thing. If you posted a comedic short story that you spent three hours writing to r/memes it wouldnt get attention because its not what most of the people on that subreddit are looking for.
buy brawl pass for 19.99$
Didnt ask but ok
=
OK I GET IT AM STUPID STOP DOWNVOTING OK?
r/foundthehondacivic
Not realy
Negative Downvotes so upvotes?
deleted
Lmao yea
Deal
Same for the guy who made the post
This subreddit is so dead that it could be revived as a zombie
I forget, probably something about this being a bad idea. They didnt get the joke. Hey, could you scroll down to my comment with -113 points and upvote so I lose less karma? People didnt understand my intent
t
ya
Twas limited
Not all brawlers are always balanced but yeah for the most part they are. People just dont know how to use their brain
I prefer 1/2 a token
A meta joke in this context is a joke based on the subreddit rather than the game itself.This subreddit is known for unreasonably asking for more free stuff.
Reread my comment
Reread my comment
Reread my comment
Well your display of it sure wasn't obvious. Your comment made it sound like you were one of those idiots who can't understand what's a joke and what's not. Also adding emojis doesn't help either. The way you phrased the "stop funding supercell" part kinda made it feel like you were being serious.
Dirty deeds done dirt cheap
Who is tiktok gaming?
Dirty deeds done dirt cheap
Pliz pliz giv mi lecndri sprsel
Both russians
That will be kinda RIP tho...
Sad RIP 80 gems noices
maple barley was given free to all players in Canada already
I make up from this comment that you don't have the skin...?
r/woosh
See it as a veterans bonus
2019 players got Ricochet
Laughs in not having star shelly
HMMMM lol
I'm not going full offense, but that's kinda bad. I play it with my friends often, but not too often, and I'm at 18-19k
Yeah thats on you, but still rip
One of my friends had that, but he kinda, KINDA, agrees with my statement
Join your brethren, Cactus.
Its in ur moms wallet.
Thanks for the laugh guys :D
it s in the dlc
I just didnt understand the joke ! I think u can be kind enough to explain
eam
Total trophy count?
Laughs in 36/37 brawlers as f2p#know your place
I have 33/37 too but Im missing 2 legendaries
I can't tell if that's a lot of brawlers or less brawlers at 10k. I've been at 17k for a while now and I only have 29 brawlers. No legendaries.
*laughs in insane luck and getting all brawlers for free being f2p*
You are right about that part.However,i think that this post shouldn't pass all the other good posts because  in r/brawlstars,you'd look for posts about brawlstars.Posts under this ones are very good and original posts.Maybe this shows how even a simple joke can turn into one of the top posts in this subreddit.This shows that it's not all about what you post,but how you present it at the same.If you wanted to buy a stuff that you would use,most people would look at how it looks.And usually,the better looking one wins.It doesn't matter how the other one is good or how useful it is.The other one is presented better so of course,that one's used a lot more.The maker of this post did presentation right and actually tried to make something nice.So good job to whoever made this post.
Buy play button for 39.99$
Love when people say that. Basically saying I lost the argument but Im too stubborn to admit it
Nobody asked for *your* input either, but here we are
You didnt ask but you should be informed.. lol.
Imagine having no comeback that you have to say didnt ask. You must be pretty braindead to say that 
unwritten rule of reddit: don't tell people to stop downvoting you,beacuse they will downvote
Nah
Go post it
Guys stop downvoting him/her just because he/she didn't understand it was a joke :
Lol
Ricochet, barbarian king bull, red dragon jessie not here yet
but if a brawler isn't balanced then he gets nerfs in the future updates
It doesnt seem meta though
It's okay when you explain it but I think you specified too much for it to be sarcastic at first glance. When you first read that message, it doesn't look sarcastic at all.
Reread my comment
I was not saying anything about you
No I aint one of those idiots who cant understand a joke.
Fithy Acts done at a reasonable price
AC/DC
D4C?
r/unexpectedjojo
D4C!
It's a YT channel who steals brawl stars art all the time and he does it so badly he doesn't even notice the watermark.
All of these comments made me laugh about mortu
Wait, so gru is a russian?
Bruh dude, I switched my country to Canada to play it in early access
Well dammit, rip my 80 gems.
Ive seen the Fortnite fan base and if you ever make up an argument against something to do with ogs and you arent one,you get flamed
I do, and I pair 80 gems for it. And I am pretty sure I didn't get any gems back.
r/wooooshwith4os
r/ihavereddit
dk man it looks so unfair to people.
oof played since mecha bo came out
I wont let a hispanic skull tell me what to do
as basically people shouldn't go around on reddit r/woooosh ing people because theres mo point in making other upset as well as the fact that you gain nothing fortunate from it hope that helped
am
am
My max was 17k. Right now it's aroun 16830I stopped pushing trophies a long ago because honestly, star points aren't enough to make me do it. I play for fun and 4 of my brawlers Sandy, 8bit, Tick and Jacky are not at 500 trophies because I have no fun at playing them. Especially 8bitBut I do have 4k 3v3 wins
Ok but do you have 4k 3v3 wins? 
No seriously what trophies
It was a meta joke about all the idea: give us free stuff posts cluttering the subreddit at the time, except without any evidence they were joking. So timing matters too - it was an example of what some people were doing but to the extreme, and it was funny.Another thing to consider is that its easier to laugh at a meme than it is to read through five paragraphs about a serious topic. On a subreddit that has both types of post, memes are automatically at an edge because the time investment to get what the author intended out of them is seconds instead of minutes.
Buy the full-version of the game for 99.99$
Yeah i dindnt think....
lol but their other responses are stupid too
Yeah but thats why i said for the most part
Yeah I worded it poorly
Oh ok
at the price not giving credits to creators for arts and edits stuff
Flaccid pancakes Is ThAt A JoJoS ReFeReNcE?
Necrophilia for $10
*Alexa play Pillarmen theme*
_Alexa Play GOOBA_
Ofc d4c what else?
Yep.
Bruh
Yup, and Im up with geography whatsoever, and a European
You know what that means...? Totally not free Brawl Pass
Tbh, it isn't just with Fortnite, it is with every game older than one year
I don't think you're able to buy Star Shelly, as it is a 2018 players only skin. Just like people don't have Wizard Barley when they don't have a Supercell ID
I really love Mecha Bo, but of course I'm too noob to get it
The virus says otherwise
I didnt understand what he meant by saying  a good 80% dont understand the joke 
m
m
I'm just at 12 k and i'm starting to feel the same way. Games are getting too tough at high trophies to play brawler i don't even like that much.
Bruh I'm at 17k and I've only got 1 legendary. How'd you get them but still have four brawlers left?
Ok but do you have Nita?
I currently have 19k by playing for a year
Basically Brawl Stars if EA made it instead of Supercell lmao
Yeah you're right
Yey
Probably
 : Jojo&#39;s Bizarre Adventure   2:14 / 3:22     
Yea, probably a kid that wants subs
me too
I wont let a miniature bacteria tell me what to do
some people don't understand that this post is supposed to be funny its not a real suggestion
am
___________
#
If ur brawler is maxed, try solos. I always do it and it works
I don't have Nani, Geil, Mr P and Sprout. I hit a point one time when I unlocked all brawlers. But newly released Mythics really hit me
...you win...
Hah
I have 10k for playing for 2 months
What type of looser has only 19k in a year
Didnt even know this was a bot lol
Sad player noices
It does not tell. It speaks.
Oo I understood that due to humour tag , I thought there is something else I didnt understand xd
eam
eam
r/decreasinglyverbose
I just play casually with the objetive of maxing out, thropies don't mean shit to me
Someone who has a life and plays casually instead of pushing thropies
Learn to spell you toxic jerk.
Nice
i agree
The truth
ream
hA mE gOnA BrEk tHe LiNe mE FuNi
am
ream
I barley push trophies I only push when I loose more than 10 trophies. Then end up loosing more until I rage. Charges per month: 3
Do u see anything miss-spelled here u idiot
deleted
Wtf this comment is 82days old why are you replying now

m
dream
dream
Bro how old are you? You sound like a 9 year old
i have 9.6k trophies, have 31 brawlers and 6 full brawlers 3 of them still dont have a star power though :/
Looser. It's loser.
ream
#
I, giorno giovanna, have a dream...
m
Cuz I am 9! Dont tell the others Im fucking begging u
Eam
Would write unexpectedjojo, but somehow i only run into Jojo reference on this sub.
Ight dude you high af or you are a child I have no idea but have a good day
am
oof
m
am
eam
Ream
Dream
Ream
Eam
You guys gotta stop
am
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
r/youbrokethechain
NON STOP~
You expected a chain,nobody expects the Spanish inquisition
m
am
Maerd
m
am
How much is acceptable? People sometimes dont do it on purposeEDIT: wow, Ive never gotten so many upvotes
*Finally, inner peace*
It will be banned for how long?
YESSS OMG THANK YOU SUPERCELLLLThis is my most upvoted thing in reddit?!?!
I hope its in a certain time frame though. If it doesnt reset every so often after 2 years of accidental goals you could get banned. I hope they make it like if you score 15 on yourself within a month time frame then you get banned. It should then reset every month
holy shit i think i m dreaming
I think I've never autogoaled. I'm safe.
It's enough to make a grown man cry
Yes finally i really hate it when people score in their own goals especially if you play with a rank 20 brawler or higher because youll lose a lot of trophies
random mortis in BB: **my time has come**
What is the acceptable number
Wait does a self goal count when the enemy passes u the ball and then u walk in the goal with the ball aciddently
Damn this actually makes me tempted to do it so I can get the messageI wont though dont worry
I see everyone here praising and Im here confused because Ive never had a random score an own goal before and didnt think it was that common.
This is a way better thing than a report button
Pogrs
is this real!?
#FINALLY
That is way nicer than I would have warned them. They deserve to burn
but what about accidental self scoring
Hold up, what if its one of those accidentals where you kill the opponent team and they drop the ball but you are kinda in the goal but not really so you can get the ball but you score yourself at the same time. How would you see if it is intentional or not?
It's good to see that they are taking a turn in the right direction but I feel like they should also find a way to stop this earlier in its tracksLike if they spot you own goaling twice or consistently once in a few matches they should see that as actual malicious game ruiningThis does work though in making sure there are no false reports though
the worst thing is why people still doing this? I can't understand it, but I'm glad that Supercell is working to solve it!
now we can actually focus on the problem of teamers
Not the hero we needed but the hero we deserved
Yasssssssssssssssssss
*sad random noises*
Really let me score own goals on a mini account and see the message
yes my concept comes to the game!!!
Man this is bad... I really hope the tolerated amount refreshes each month or brawl pass... Imagine being banned bc you missed or lag or something else entirely.
Yessssssssss!
Yes God, yeeeeeessss!!!!!
Finally the rank 1 guys on my team when I get a new brawler will stop scoring own goals
*me, knowing that ryan must have done this on one of his accounts for this to happen:*
Why do people not understand "unacceptable number" if you own goal so many times supercell contacts you maybe you should honestly stop playing brawl ball a lot of times cannot be accidents if that's true just stop playing...
Mother Russia would be proud.
A warning.  Supercell isnt trying to lose any players, make a post about the first player that gets banned and then Ill be impressed.
thank God! I hate to lose trophies to an idiot mate that trolls like that.. it's also really no fun to see someone like that on the enemy team. It doesnt feel like a fair win :/
We won mr. stark! We won!
#Yes Yes Yes Yes ***YES***
Thank god Ive never experienced having a bad teammate just doing that in Brawl Ball. But this is great news!!
Great move against toxic players, thank you Supercell
This is a great step in the right direction, hopefully this will come to showdown with teaming in the near future
WHATTTTTT TIME TO MAKE AN ALT AND TRY THIS OUT
Obviously if they are a high number of own goals from a player, they'll check and see how those happened. When they see it's a Mortis literally trolling, they'll act on it.
But they still have other option of being afk
We won the wicked war
Finally...
Now I should wait to my nooby random teammates loss cuz I can't self score and make it easier lvl1 teammates!!
What if you dribble and keep the ball @ your side only to wait till you get killed.
It take 2 years, crying
But the guy that posted that had to be scoring in his own goal....
Thank you Supercell!!
FINALLY!
YESSSSS FINNALY :================
What counts as "unacceptable number"?
This isnt active yet is it? Because Ive had two people own goal just this morning 
Yasssssssssssss yasssssssssssss no moar off those trash randoms yassssssssssssss
Finally yes yes yes I love it so muuuuuuuuch
Rise up gamers!
Breaking newsOwn goal drops to 0%
ODIN IS AMONG US!
IT'S FINALLY HERE!
FINALLY!
Bout frickin time! 
I wont lie and I'm not ashamed to say i do it. I go days without, but never more than a few a day. When i have 24k overall trophies and matched with 10k or lower, im not gonna waste my time.      You can tell by the way they are playing that they are way lower and lack experience. Fix mm to account for total trophies first and foremost, so we dont get paired with crap. That's not a fun experience either.
YES NO MORE LOSING TROPHIES I AM SO HAPPY
Thank You so much supercell!
They evolved, i played with some mortis who just grabbed the ball an wnt to our goal and passed to opponents
Now I just need a surrender button and I will be happy, for those times the bad casuals are just too bad, you tap surrender and loose the normal ammount of trophies wether your team in the end wins or loses, you leave and a bot takes your place, that way you save time and neurons
ReJoICe!!!!!
Yess thank you so much! Now we can have peace
Finally!Its not a report button, but its better, its not even bothering us to press that button.
RadicalRosh own-goaled?
PARA CUANDO UNA MEJORA EN SU EMPAREJAMIENTO SIGUE SIENDO UNA MIER**.
Boiz we got em
How about doing something about AFKers?
Report button for bad behaviouras scoring against own team must exist
Would prefer a report button to report griefing/trolling players. Would make more sense to me. Most of the games out there have that feature, I dont get why supercell doesnt add it to brawl stars ...
I hope that it doesnt count friendly games
So what about me passing the ball into an enemy who's standing in their goal. I usually do this, to trigger them and to secure a score
HAHA, OWN GOALERS OUT THERE, TAKE THIS!!! IVE BEEN WANTING THIS FOREVER!!! GOD BLESS SUPERCELL!!!
Lmao so they have a limited number of autogoals they can do lmao
#nice
Gonna test if this is real 
IS THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENING ???
YES WE CAN ALL NOW FINNALY NOT WORRY ABOUT SELF GOALERS. TYSM SUPERCELL YOUR THE BEST. gl NOT GETTING BANNED u self goalers HAHA
and what about those moments when the enemies throw u the ball when youre on the line and you end up scoring for them? Is it going to count?
What about in friendly games?  - 
Someone's getting banned 
I'm such a fucking dumbass I'm gonna get bannedNo shot I won't be self goaling on accident 16 times in a row
Remove being able to score on yourself.  Problem solved. This should have happened a long time ago
Awesome. Brawl Stars should also add an Anti-AFD Away from device warning system like in CR. They should issue a 30 minute ban and an automatic trophy lost to anyone who leaves 2 or more matches within a hour. So many people just leave mid-match and causes others to lose games. They people who are affected by someone leaving the match on their team should also have less or no trophies deducted for losing.
luckily ive never had this problem but i hate when you save it, move and in h then score on yourself. i think they shoukd remove it completely, although it would support sprouts keeping the ball behind the goal and stopping the other team from even having a chance
YES FINALLY
you did it,you crazy son of a *drill*,you did it
well boys we did it, own goaling is no mor- *troll random passes the ball to the enemy team near your goal*- anger
Good fuck those people
Yes! *YEEEEEEESSSS*
Yall encounter randoms that do this? Never been an issue for me
Its not happening were just in heaven!
POG
I don't usually have problems with self scorers, or own goalers as some people call it. However, it's still frustrating when it happens. Especially when they catch the ball AND THEN WALK INTO THE GOAL!!!!
Thanks for making random matches easier
These shows that supercell cares about the players not the money that's Supercell thx alot
I think people can try and bypass this by only own-goaling one minus the limit to get this mail.
Its time. Thank god no more no hat mortis can own goal in bb.
Nice
Wait , if that will happen automatically , what about people that accidentally own goal ?
Why add a report button when Supercell has auto-report
wait what happens if they pass you the ball when you are coming out of the goal and you accidentally score?
a teammate could easily break ur walls around ur goal which is pretty much the same
You don't need to self score to throw though? Literally going afk works too.
Thank god but sometimes when you go to save a goal and your against the post it makes you run in. They will have to consider some things but it's so annoying when your teammates do this shit
Thank you supercell
AYYYYYYYY
OMG OMG OMG the mortises can finally be banned!!!!
Yesss!!
I thought they would bring back gems for a moment but this makes me happy
HALEUJIA OR HOW EVER YOU SPELL IT!!!!!!
Aww man.. My enemy teams always self score..
Wait what if you accidentally walk it in, like when your low and defending, you walk behind the goal to heal up, and they passed the ball to you?
yessss, finally!
FINALLY AFTER ALL THESE YEARS THANK YOU SUPERCELL COOL AS NIGHT MECHA CROW COOL AS FUCK
Finally
How mamy times is unacceptable? Because sometimes someone throw a ball at me, then it goes inside the goal but i was holding it last secondsOr i sometimes lag
I am afraid a lot of people will want to c if this actually works
I can already see people saying about accident self goal. I'm just gonna say this I see more purpose self goals than accident goals. Thanks supercell!
yes finally!!! OMG THANKSSS
What if it's an accident? Spamming rhe attack button happens frequently.
Oh God it's really happening yes, yesssssss
Thank the lord finally
Yes!!!!!!!
Great now I am basically forced to play with people who are bad
eat a dick, poco 3 games ago
but how if its a accident
Bad thing is that even your teammate did it you are in case
Finally Yesss
W
This is amazingggg
Why a warning it should be a straight ban to the a-holes
Yayyyy
What if you just die with the balls in your own score a lot of times
I once got a teammate who would get the ball and pass it to enemies near our goal  They would score this happened twice in a row I got matched with the same guy
Next up: People teaming in solos and people who join clubs and add suspicious links
*We did it boys , own goaler is no more*
I dont get it can someone explain? lol
LolThat would not happen
This may or may not be the best thing to ever happen to humanity. This is a historical moment.
People who accidentally score their own goals: I'm in danger
POGS IN THE CHAT BOYS
WOHOOO FUCJERS
Also me:*starts to go on mini account to self score to check if it works*
Do friendly games count
Wohoo!!!! I met so many noobs in BB
Dang this sucks kinda. My team is gonna be adk or something then I'm gonna get banned for own goaling.
YESSS
Can i be banned if i own goal in friendly while playing by my self? I am not own gaoling butt in friendly yes
Now we wait for teamers in Showdown.
YESYESYESYES!
Finally
Yyyyeeeeeesssssss!!!!! Finally!
Bye bye Mortis
YES YES YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Just seen this happen for the first time thankfully wasnt on my team.
They really piss me off, I literally punch the wall and grind my teeth when I'm paired with such jerks.I still can't wrap my head around people who do that, & there is also a guy who just goes and nest inside the opponents goal post leaving us to play two against three.
Finally!!!
What if its an accident when panic auto attacking at the goal?
make brawl ball great again
Lord May Give Blessings To The Brawl Stars Devs
I think what they should do for teaming that they should make the movement joystick not spin in circles what I mean us that if players try spin their joystick they won't be able to because it is locked to only move forward, backwards and left and right
Dont expect them to release what the acceptable number of goals is. People will go right up to the limit and not cross it.
This is horrible now we cant get under 550 trophies quickly 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Those punks now will be slaughtered. I have felt that pain when it happens.
Remember the feeling you got when Ryan announced brawl stars went global? Well, this is the same feeling I got.
Why I didn't get that mail? I tilted my 8bit from 600 to 69 own goaling. I did it with teammates tho. Here
FINALLY YESSSS!
Finally we will have vengeance for our lost trophies 
Thancccc youuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!
Uhh this doesn't look real. The first word's not even capitalized and the wording seems a bit off.
Fuck yeah!!
THANKKKK YOOOOUUU FUCKIN DAMN
A warning?? They should be IP banned.
* very happy noises *
THANK YOU SUPERCELL THANK YOU
Finally this is happening yess
Finally those dickheads will stop
Rip me when I walk out the goal it somehow magnetically comes to me and than I scored by accident 
Thanks Supercell for adding this but what about people that accidentally own goal. Is that different from this?
This is good, but now I cant own goal when Im pissed at my freaking teammates who blame me for being bad, and one of them, for example, kept rushing to the ball and charged to the goal, and when the enemy team scored, he kept following me to Attack me. So I own goaled. Screw that shitty random.
Wouldnt they start a sentence with a capital if this is real.
What about the people who do it on accident weve all seen it happen
Nice
I'm crying omg.
I think randoms just would make an alt.
thx super cell!
Yessssss thank you Supercell!!!
  *Owngoalers are gone*    
BEARDED RYAN THE BEST
I have never understood why players do this in the first place... Serves them well
Own goalers after they see this "Ight Imma Head Out"
That's really nice, but what we need is a report button.
FINALLY LETS GO
Helllll yes.
where is my voice?
My dream come true
Sorry for asking, but what do they mean by higher than acceptable goals?
Ransoms: My time has come
Finally those who have done the forbidden, will pay for what they have caused.
YEEEEEES
Best ever decision
sometimes I auto goal because there is no reason to keep playing not enough time, teammates afk or trolling....there should be an option to forfeit.
What happens if it was by accident because of auto aim?
Just add a report system
The mission, the nightmares... they're finally... over.
Ok now all we need to do is get rid of the energy drink modifier
Randoms: INTENSE SWEATING
Nice
But what if you score 2 goals in your own goal, but both was actually mistakes?
I will see what will happen if i ignore the warning
Thanks SUPERCEEEEEEEEL
Hehe boy 
Did you just understand me.
I was wondering if i should get a bunch of my friends together and tilt to give others free wins, but then i heard someone talking about it being tracked so i decided not to. Glad that they finally implemented this :
THANK GOOODDDDD
YEEEEEES! Finally, no more dumb randoms!!
Randoms watching this post: 
jesus finally
Is this real????
Take that, random!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Okay that's cool but will this count in friendly games?
HALLELUJAH! IT WAS HIGH TIME THEY DID THIS! Now teaming should be next.
What if ur a noob and u dont do it on purpose lol
Oh shit, I loved doing this.. Haha
YES YES YES!
This is very cool, but the people who just wanna throw games are just going to go AFK all the time and make their team lose...
Yessssssss
What about accidental own goals? I mean yeah, only ~noobs~ randoms do that but at least they're not doing it intentionally
good, they should do the same for anyone who doesn't main pam
Yes
I'm Russian, vodka is a good one.
Randoms:I'm gonna pretend I didn't notice that
We did it boys own goaling is no more
Is this real?
So close to Hello there
What if you accidentaly scored your own goal?
My bro one time was playing on my acc and he scored 4 self goals
Finally!
WHY I WANT TO MAKE PEOPLE RAGE
How bout the people who just give up?
 will try with my alt account
Every random: insert coffin dancers
Someone just did this and I maniged to win
Report system working too? I hope!
Please tell me its permanent
R.I.P the one person that just auto-aims too often...
Lmao
Tbh they shouldve kept this secret so they dont find other ways to throw the game for others
Like Max would say: "yes yes yes yes"!
Finnaly
can we report teaming in duos as well, Im assuming not since it seems like you guys dont care but its just as annoying to lose trophies in duos because its cheating
Y I S  Y I S
finally
YES!!!!!!!! I got so many own goalers in the last few days
I wonder what did my random teammate get for using Mortis with Coiled Snake just to self-score in 21 or more matches...
Finally
Finally
This looks like fun
LolL
People who score own goals when they didnt mean it : *Sweating*
Mega nut
Guess I better practice not accidentally own goaling
Fucking praise Papa Franku
Dream become truth
So why are people even doing this to begin with...?
It's this really that big of an issue? I almost never see people do it unless two of us are playing with an ark. I will do it every time in those instances or if I get two garbage players that I have to carry hard just to keep us tied with the ball constantly in our end. Not gonna waste my time. End match, lose the trophies, and start over.
Do it mortis I dare you
What about people who go straight to a corner and just spin.
I got in two matches in a row with two different mortis self scoring
Today I accidentally scored to my own goal, ugh
This is even an issue? I rarely see this happening. How about addressing bigger issue like people picking mortis on heist? Throw picks have just a big impact as this. Should be able to report players for sabotaging games.
Now there needs to be a system for idiots that don't pass the ball and cost their teams the game.
YESSS
Finally...
This is terrible people can get banned!
Funny thing is there is still morons scoring the goal
Nice
This is very good.
Supercell needs to remove this feature on brawl ball, because sometimes I team with players that make intencional own goals...
I've tested it at 700 trophy range with mortis, scored 21 own goals, equivalent of 13 matches in a row. we actually won two so I'm not sure if counted. but it was 8 in a row before we won, so safe to say 8 matches of own goal scoring is within the acceptable range for those wondering.
Damn.
Hello hope youre well i hope you can ask me something its about the radio video do you know something about it?
Lol supercell  banned  "banned".
How would the system tell if someone did it on purpose or not?
Imagine if this applied on Solo showdown to prevent teaming
1 What does it mean scored higher numbers of goals against your own team even mean.2 Is this only in brawl ball or can this kinda thing exist in other gamemodes, for example being the person who always picks up all the gems in gem grab.3 I hope this doesnt affect me because this game already pisses me off a lot.
Doubt it will stop all of the annoying Morti from own goaling
genius kids who still own goal every time i play with them
Its only a warning, nothing will change and no player will ever get banned for this. The day a player gets banned for kicking the ball in his own goal will be the same day a player gets banned for teaming in solo showdown. 
Real trolls will just spin so the opponents can score.
This is going to be an issue for me. Everytime there's a scramble if front of my goal either walk back to intercept their shot but walk too far and own goal or mashing on shoot button and get the ball and shoot it off the wall in front of me to rebound an own goal
Anyone know how to report players? Just had a team mate score in his own goal purposely
Yay l played against a shelly in brawl ball rank25 and she scored in our goal 
am I lucky or what, I have never had a teammate that scored in our own goal. :
That was very cash money of you supercell
Let's goooo
When Come the Juni Update?
Bruh
Does it count accidents?
Yes!!!
I don't see it
Unacceptable numbers is a vague term of this day and age. Current and upcoming regime will determine the unacceptable.No really, this is good, comment was only about the times we live inAnd most likely also supercell has an ability to watch match reruns.
yessssssssssss
Never knew that could happen!!!
South Korean players will be dismayed
Epic
Why is this pinned
finally, some deterrent for those idiots
Now let's address Primos who take all the gems and then on own 15 seconds countdown decide to go fight some more in enemy base and lose all the gems...
How bout SuperCell not matching you with trashy players but instead make the game competitive. This is why I score on my own goal cause it's a waste of time to even try winning.
I think the probability of the a brawler in a box should increase when you have more trophies
Im curious as to when you are guaranteed a brawler, gadget or star power. I have earned all brawlers except 2 legendary ones via normal gameplay and I currently have 6 power 9s 2 that Ive been waiting for their star power for up to 2 months and the rest ranging from power 1-8, while having all their upgrade points, just not enough coins to upgrade. Im getting nothing but a minimal amount of coins and on average 7 upgrade points for the last brawler I have to upgrade and Im wondering if anyone is having similar struggles!
Would a standing in youre goal and the enemy shoots the ball at you and you accidentally fire the ball while in the goal count?
Foor lettuce
People are smart enough to evade even that
Hello
Hi Im new here.
This will probably hard for experts though. I usually play brawl ball and only takes 30 seconds for me to win since I use Dynamike and the enemies I usually versus against was pretty dumb
And Solo Teamers?!
What?
That is such a shit policy, i met 3 randoms who own goal in a row, and they actually got so much more brawler than me I am a 12k player but only got 25 brawlers and i have lost 7 matches in a row. Each time they do suicide run, wall smashingin our side, own goal, and quit game and they seemed to enjoy doing these kind of things, cant you just ban those guys from playing instead of sending warning leeter, it's useless, tho.
Be me a 20k player with only 2 mytics and no legendaries
Im so glad this happenend. You dont want to know how many trophies I lost this way.
most of the time I see that people get the ball and not giving it back wasting time etc.
Ah finally... Really angry about those dumbass who used to do this.... Even people having gale is doing this
This is a good step in the right direction now if there is a way to punish players who give up during a match cause they are big babies that would be even better.
Oh my god- its happening- EVERYONE STAY CALM
yesyes finally yes
Ah yes, finally a way to stop own-goalers! But what is the definition of own goalingaccidently stunned/pushed/knock backed/kill/fail to block ball and what is the limit huh?
You took it from Ryan who took it from radical who took it from a player.
Bags
ban my account, I want to be banned from Russia!!!
Supercell, voc no acha que quem fosse o melhor da partida ganhasse um o dois trofus a mais no??
Finally a easy way to get banned I might download it back again just to do it
Help me i found a bug but  cant share
Id rather have them solve teaming
Such topic: Today in the store Brawl Stars was a skin called "beach Brock", I had 80 crystals gems and I decided to buy this skin. I buy it for myself, it turns and turns. And when I clicked on the screen and went back to the store, the gems are gone, there is no skin. Podckajite what to do?
FINALLY,SEE YOU LATER RANDOM MORTIS
as if that changed anything.. while there are teamers in solo combat, people from 7000 trophies playing with me in 3x3 I have 20000 trophies.
I came just now to bitch about this because Im tired of these assholes. Glad I wont have to
Now this is EPIC
Wow.. a screenshot of a tweet and 9k upvotes? So sad.
Yeeeeeeeeee
FINALLY
Fiw your stupid game, th only challenges i get are win with tick or 8-bit, the worst 2 fcking brawlers in the whole game. Brawl pass isn't worth Anny fcking money, fix your stupid ass game. You incapable peaces of fcking shit
Broul stars
Some people score accidentally though
Stonks
All of you randoms who do this deserve to be banned
Supercell your the best but they should get that warning the second they score two goals on themselves in a game
  ?             ?
YASS
I mean thats great but how many own goals does it take? I mean I ACCIDENTALLY own goal maybe twice per month so that may be bad
Supercell can you please help me get my account back because I think it was hacked because cfc when I try to get back into my main it won't let me because it will say oops try again later and I think that account is banned so contact me as soon as you can can you please help me.
Lol you have to stop the radio mystery
I HAVE 16K TROPHIES AND I ALWAYS GET 10K TROPHIES TEAMMATES AND MY OPPONENT ALWAYW HAVE STAR POWERS AND GADGET AND I DONT HAVE GADGETS AMD STAR POWERS BECAUSE YOU DONT GIVE ME GADGETS AND STAR POWERS I CAN GET 20 GADGETS MORE AND 6 MORE STARPOWERS
c'est bien car certains coquipis font exprs de marquer mais que se passe t'il quand on ne fait pas exprs
Gracias
I got banned for phishing when I didn't phish
Hello me french
Does it ban you forever ? Or temporary?
Can we link this reporting players for scoring to accelerate the warning. mostly to make me feel better
Salut les moches
Finnaly
Going to get this soon then because I would rather make make bad randumbs loose than gain anything in this game
Finnnnaly
R brawlKdkdd!dkmd
10k upvoted congrats man
Now do it for teaming NOW
If we score a goal against unintentionally? Will count to a ban?
Yes! What am I supposed to say other than yes
Finally!
Ive wait for 92838 years
I've done this only in 1 game because playing the game was complete torture. How bad both teams was was the real unsportsman like conduct. It should have been over so much quicker.
I believe, that then those dumbs will just pass the ball near your goal to the enemies, so they would goal. In that way they wouldn't autogoal, but still ruin the game.
pls do it for solo showdown to ban teamers
What if you accidentally do this tho...
FINALLY!!!! THAT SHELLY CAN GO TO HELL
But what about you have underdog your gonna lose either way
I hope they don't take much in consideration those accidental own goalwhen you're walking in the direction of it to defend but they kick the ball to you or reset it every season. Also, they could just ban pp from bb temporarily, but if they keep doing such thing in other game modes except ssd, aside from teaming or after the temporary ban runs out, being kicked from the game.
Carefully hes a hero.
YES! Now we need to do something about those pesky AFKS....
There should be a report system. If the reports tend to be accurate the target person will get punishments and if the reporter bluffed, they themselves get punishments.
What if you accidentally self-goaled?
hol up,what if you accidently own goal,like someone,like the enemie team passed it to you?
Now we only need a "repot button" for teamers
But what if u accidentally score your own goal? For example when u r defending the opponents but when the opponent passes u the ball u accidentally score? Wouldnt that be unfair?
It does happen accidentally sometimes when everyone is in the goal, somebody doesn't know they have the ball, etc. Would they than get banned? I think instead they should get kicked from the game or something or they should make it impossible
Lmao this is my screenshot
Will it be permanently ban or temporary? I hope supercel go for permanent one
I spin sometimes cause i get exiticed or happy, and people who see me spin back and it gets awkward so I just run
They should be banned at the first goal against their teammates
Wait wait wait that's cool but what if the Goal was surrounded and like these situations and u get the ball suddenly and score it in your own goal??????by mistake ofcourse huh??????
I don't see how this helps the bigger problem; really which are nonparticipants in general It isn't only brawl ball lol.You can still just spin in the match and do nothing whilst sometimes people self goal in the last few seconds to end a guaranteed unwinnable match and get onto the next one.You can make a teammate catch the ball at your goal line and self score.I only see this as deterring people from self scoring themselves and instead just doing nothing or passing it off to the enemy to score, or attempting to make their teammates do it.It isn't hard to code in a report button with detailed report options, or a post match reputation system. But at least effort was made.Just my opinion alone, which I am allowed to have.
I hope theyre gonna do the same with the teamers
deleted
noooooo, i love scoring in my own goal to make my teammates mad, i dont even care it made me lose 100 trophies it was so much. if u make this a game supercell i will quit, i spend 10 dollars a month at least in this game and u will be deeply hurt if i were to stop playing, this is ur final warning or else... 
Hello, Supercell I made a drawing of a leon skin, and I would like to send it to you to analyze and if you like to even use it in the game.
You should call it annoying and not unsportsmanlike. It's not a sport.
and to report and ban teamers isn't a thing huh. wow supercell. just wow
pls do it for solo showdown to ban teamers
Welp, no more having fun in Brawl Ball
Supercell needs to stop camping to
So now we're forced to waste time with bad randoms instead of owngoaling to stop the game earlier, seems legit.
This would have been cool, 6 months ago.
Fuck this. Own goal trolling was one of the best parts in the game when you get a Leon on your team. Fuck Leon he is worst brawler in game >:
Of course, we can't divulge the exact methodology, but we can be **very** certain that anyone getting banned/warned did not get there by accidental goals.
An unacceptable number would not include all the times you own goal
If you arent doing it on purpose, then you probably arent doing it very often
I'm sure it's easy to measure, especially if you score two in one game.
Don't edit man, cmon don't do that
Finally and now I bet players will still find someway to complain about own goalers
I mean, if you're trying in the match and you accidentally score, it'll probably be fine, cause how often does that happen?
How do u even own goal accidentally? Anyone that bad deserves to be banned lmao.
Ive been playing this game since global launch and I have own foaled maybe 3 times accidentally. So if youve been playing for 2 months and have 10 own goals, this is for you.
I'd say a certain amount of own goals in a certain amount of time. Like maybe 10 own goals in a week or something like that.
If you're going to get banned for self scoring then you should also get banned for bringing mortis to brawl ball. Fair is fair. If I get a mortis on my team in bb I'm grabbing that ball and dumping it in my goal as fast as possible 2 times. Put me and my other teammate out of our misery...
I think it's statistics. If you self goal a lot more than the average then you'll get this message.
2 or 3 a week, maybe a bit more to account for 5 year-olds not knowing how to play
But sometimes the randoms are just too bad and you know you cant win
Ahhhh yes
Probably forever. At least I hope so
Let's test it with our secondary accounts lol jk
For a long time, hopefully only a brawl ball ban
*yes*
Our prayers have been answered
People with goal against theyr own team just for that warning lmao
Happy Cake day
Don't worry. We know people accidentally score myself included and we will never ban for that.
wake up then, it's really happening
yeah, but what about the times when they kick the ball, and you happen to be standing right on the line?
I did ONCE, when I was lagging and on iPad before the controls update. You know how difficult it is to go around corners on iPad? Well, I walked and I lagged, soooooo... it went straight in and the person I was playing with unfriended me.
Its enough to make everyone cry
Doesn't it hurt, fellow Tick player?
When you start losing more than you earn is when it starts to ramp up. This is why people do it at rank 20 either to troll because then dont lose a lot or to get under season reset.
For real, I had numerous of teammates score our own goal. Like, instead of scoring our own goal and getting salty you couldve helped make up for the loss. come on.
Random rockabilly mortis*. Idk about you. But it's always the one who has that skin for me.
what is your location?In my area i never see a own goaling mortis just pro or trying to be pro.
I always get crows that do this. Crow isnt played often in BB, but when he is 
they haven't shared the specifics till now.
I think the numbers would be related as a person playing 50 games with 3 own goals would be different than a player with 7 games played and 3 own goals
Im fairly confident that they are talking about a pretty high number here. Probably 50 in a week or something.
Probably. But since it says more than acceptable Im assuming it means in a given time period, so if this happens once or twice you should be fine
I bet you have 7k and your highest brawler is primo. Only 7k primos auto goal like that and I hated it when I was pushing gale.
It happens like once every 50 bb games are less, from my experience
Its not very common, but when it does happen it is infuriating
sometimes when things get heated at your goal line u end up walking into the goal with the ball instead of killing the enemy or whatever.&#x200B;the other thing is people do it on purpose, they will take the ball and walk into their own goal twice and lose the match. or they will grab the ball and sit there being unsportsman like.. but it will be some sort of way where if u accidently do it lets say 1 in 50 games that will be ok, but people doing double own goals 3 games in a row and then 100s of own goals on the account will be flagged probably
You will receive a warning if they see that it's happening constantly.
Unacceptable number
>Unacceptable number
You will receive a warning if they see that it's happening constantly.
I mean this happens like every 10-20 games maybe once. So I don't think that this goes under "unacceptable numbers".
This says "unacceptable amount", so I would guess the ban kicks in if you do it a certain amount of times in a certain amount of time. That way, it would protect people who actually did accidentally scoreAlso what you said was kind of preventable, just go I side of your goal and run outward
Maybe theyll check account last replays or stats?
Some people just want to watch the world burn.
Some own goal because their teammates suck and others own goal to get under trophy reset. I think they should allow you to own goal if you have a significant difference in trophy levels. Like 7k trophies. There are so many times that I just want my trash teammates to lose their trophies for being so bad. The people that do it to troll are the worst type of people 
No
the key word is unacceptable number of times so lag and other things if it happens a lot you might get put on that category so fix your Internet
"BUT WHAT IF IT'S BY ACCIDENT!!!"Well gee, if it's by accident- then why have you done it every single game, 20 times in a row- everytime by your goal? You'd think by then you'd learn to not touch the ball near your own goal for the good of not "accidentally self-scoring" mhm.
Sadly supercell said that they are never gonna do that cod teaming is an actual strategy
That's another story
This post excuses him from all punishment or criticizm
It either is not activated yet,or these people didn't reach that limit,or they just don't care.
I hear you but with the lag/connection issues I think that is a bit unfair.
Cause apparently it's unsportsmanlike
Good point. Hopefully the number resets every season or so, as to only target the toxic players
Happy cake day!
ya know i can just hop on my alt that i never use and do it every once in a while to avoid suspicion, right?
Lol
Id imagine all your supercell Id accounts would be banned
You dont understand 6 year old. People like you are who I like to self goal on. You dont know why people self goal because none of your brawlers are at rank 21. When you get underdog 100% of the time its because of you not the other teammates . People should be sad to see this rule being added it takes out the only way to be toxic to trash players.
Are you fucking 10 yo? Of course your teammates will own goal when they get a teammate like you: Omg_givemeleon
No.First of all,there is a term here saying "unacceptable number" which means that this will occur after a certain number of thrown matches and probably on a specific amount of time which these will occurSecondly,how many times -per month- do you think an average player own-goals on accident?Lastly,This will most likely happen to the ones where it is obvious it was intentional.
At least in that case,it's easier to control it.You can just kill the enemy.
"Unacceptable number"Come on, it's obvious.
You will only get a warning if it happens MULTIPLE times in many matches.
They did say acceptable number stuff like that happens like once a week for me.
Maybe something happens and they can't play, like mom busts in the room when you're supposed to be studying xdOr losing internet connection
No you will cause innocent people to lose trophies
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
surprised it doesn't have an award with those 9k upvotes lol
Its spelt Finally not Finnaly
You shouldn't have done it anyway.
Still gives you more of a shot to stop it
it's hard or impossible to track teamers
its imposible to do that the closest we got to stoping teaming was life leech
Ok
Yeah I think this number should not be affected by underdog games. When I get that its basically an automatic loss. Id rather just end the game myself than to waste rime trying a 1v3 or a 2v3.
They already have though. They get replaced with bots and get temporarily kicked if they keep going afk
The system though is like trying to kill disabled people.And Frank said loud and clear on Twitter why they don't plan to add this.
I think its repeated offenses
Funny
Now Playing
Temp ban, they have never issued a perm ban for something done in game
they said when it reaches an "unacceptable number"
It gives more of a chance. They cant just end the game quickly, and its much less satisfying then self goaling
People would just abuse the fuck out of that
they cant
Try actually paying attention then
First don't use emoji secondly you own goaler leave the game and let others play in peace
So you are the bad random... I hope you get banned own goaler no one cares about you 10 dollars
I take jokes all the time,its just that he didn't put the signs that he was joking so I took it seriously
Haha , wow such joke, funny much
yOu a oWn gOalEr??? iM goNnA dOwn voTe U, bEacUsE i DoNt UndErstaNd jOkEs anD iRoNy
I didn't knew it was a joke ok. He didn't put /s or TeXt LiKe ThIs so I thought he was serious about this. At least explain to be how is this a joke
Bitch
Good then leave. We don't need people like you that ruins the game for everyone else. Besides,who cares if you leave we have like 3 million players so it wont matter.gl with a banned account IDIOT
You forgot your /s or smthng?
How is this a woooosh????
Ok
How would they implement that? I mean I want teamers banned as much as the next guy but it's not that easy
Haha i think some noob teamers downvoted me
Why is this man downvoted? You dirty teamers have officially taken it too far!
idk about you, but losing 100 trophies to self goaling isnt fun.
u forgot the /s
I mean, I'm objectively correct but okay hive mind
Then brawlers like primo and bull would be useless
Who the fuck self-goals just because they don't want to spend time with 'bad randoms'? If you do this then you're the bad random my guy, and just a douche overall
That's a dick move,no matter the circumstances.
Yes. Put up with them. They are trying to gain trophies, same as you. Maybe youll actually win if you dont self sabotage.
is losing 100 trophies...fun?
Wow, you must be horrible at this game.
in bird culture you are considered**THE ULTIMATE DICK**#
Is there a way you can insta warn if you own goal within a certain timeframe Ive seen people get the ball and own goal within 10 seconds
we are now gonna see trolls like siblings getting their other sibling banned
Sneaky reply I see
What about players who team in solo showdown
 found a bug but  cant post it
Is there anything you can do about people trickshotting/spinning/messing around when they can score a free goal all opponents are dead and end up missing because they are way worse of a player than they think they are?Such moments is when I've actually taken the ball and scored it in our own goal to teach them a lesson; funny enough it actually works and I often play again with these people and they never do anything silly again.
maybe 10 matches in a row is unacceptable
Ya, because for a random i goaledThe thing was a mortis was going tk attck me so to protect my self i energy red the goal but the second before i entered a random gave the ball to me
You'd be surprised. I can get the other team to do it a few times a day with Sprout's ultimate, and have occasionally with the new snow guy
Sprout super can push people back into goals, all brawlers with knockback can bump someone next to the goal and make the ball roll into the goal, sometimes a tank can walk into the goal while someone is standing in their way walking backwards trying to stop them, then the tank kicks the ball at the last second while the defender is still walking backwards which can cause them to accidentally own goal
You and me son.Fug mortis in bb
That's makes you a bad random. Just dont give up. Maybe you'll just carry your whole team or the other team decides to throw. No one knows what could happen.
It's written that they will get a warning, idk the specifics.
only for repeat offences i hope
No a couple of game lost does not value a permanent ban i think 3 days would be logical
IMO you should be banned for 2 days, 5 days, and then 2 weeks, not more, I mean, come on, have mercy for those that scored some own goals for trolling, I don't support them, but, permanently banning their account is too much!
Nah but fr though,Supercell can also you ban you on your main even if you are on your mini due to suspicious activity
Teaming shall be next
It kinda sucks tho.. kuz I do this when Im teamed up with morons or bots, but only when I know for sure we are not gonna win to get it over with already
Happy cake day
Happy cake day
Happy Cake Day!
here comes ryan
True that
Thanks Ryan. This will be a great feature.
Ok but that includes times when someone throws you the ball when youre going back to heal?
i think u r a fake ryan
finallyy
That response is smooth
Now I'm scared. Will that count?
That is SOOOOOO annoying
Oof. I accidentally auto aimed, thinking it would go to my team mate but it went straight into the goal. Sad days.
Randoms be like...
Dude dont even get me started. I pushed tick to rank 25 and lost 100 trophies due to poor matchmaking.
Exactly
Sorry bro Id never do something like that Im a rockabilly mortis and I always play w/ randoms
it don't happen as often, but it happens, it's always a mortis for some reason
I'm hoping they never will, because trolls might own goal just before the limit, being the salty players they are.
HmmmmK then
Wrong i have 17 k trophies my highest brawler is shelly 700 trophies
For me it happens when I lose constantly :.  Like an additional pain
Oh yeah Im sure everyone has seen or done an accidental own goal. I was referring to intentional own goals.
what is an acceptable number? And like, does this ever reset? Like, if I continue playing for months and months, and I accidentally own goal here and there, does it build up?
I think so..
you can leave the game and make a bit play for you the game, they aren't guilty of matchmakings... 
That was a long time ago, and with the amount if negative feedback that teaming has gotten, and his bad it is at high trophy levels, supercell might be forced to do something about it
Yup I just got dropped from a game as Mayor
I own goal once a day. Always unintentional, but I get passed the ball a LOT on the edge.
My alt acvount is 140 trophies
Wtf yes he shouldve if his teammates were dog shit he has no reason to not auto score.
Maybe they could make a software that tracks how close players are to each other without doing damage to each other, although that's harder said than done
RIP
Yh same but once u did that the other random joins my club and starts going mad even though he was trash and we were gonna lose anyway
Yea but have you seen the bot quality?? You are most likely still going to lose. Like for an example take bounty. You are winning and there is 10 seconds left.. you wouldn't rush the enemy.. but the bots would and cause you to lose. Or in brawl ball when you are supposed to defend because the match is almost over and you are winning. They will rush to get the ball.
Yes and like any other staff team in a game it would be their responsibility to filter through necessary and unnecessary reports. People follow the typical report formats. Screenshot/video or recording, offender username, time of incident and what they did.Either way, this doesn't stop anyone from doing anything.Cool that it got attention.Not cool that the action is so minute.
I know, I was just desiring
I hope you don't take everything so seriously irl lol
r/woooosh
Yah ur right
Because you didnt get the joke dumbass.
he never own goaled it was just a joke
you said "ok" why? it's not like you were a developer....... or are you?
There are already teaming scores in the game for meteors. If people are close to each other and dont attack for more than 8 seconds, the points go up. The closer and longer they team, the higher the score goes. After a certain number they get a warning. You could also entrust volunteers for anti teaming. People could sign up with age restriction, email verification, etc. and when they get reports they would get sent to the players. Those players would get a warning, and then banned for say a day if theyre found guilty a second time. And it would go on and on. Those who abuse their power could be reported, and it would get sent to another volunteer, who would take away privileges permanently, and they would get a week ban.
Exactly, you don't know about me
There are other ways of "self sabotaging" than just owngoaling, keep in mind that people can still spin an lag-dance without playing and won't get hurt by this, you just shifted the problem, not solved it.
No I am not. I throw the game when my teammates play leon in brawl ball because leon in brawl ball means weak/bad player
Oh yes like in CSGO when you shoot your teamates in the spawn you get insta warned and if you kill one banned.It would make sense in brawlball too, like own goal in the first X second result in a a warning and next is ban. Maybe idk.
Sadly, a supercell worker said that teaming is a strat, and they wont be doing much about it
Own goal is way worse. And dont pretend like u remember all these players that tried to show off and you MADE them learn from your own goal. Teaching them a lesson. Pfft.
Idiot
What about the 3rd mate? Would you like to have an idiot failing to score but also someone who owngoals right after it?!
*Proceeds to throw away 9 games in a row*
It makes more sense if it was 5 in 20 or something, just with a warning, and then if you own goal in the next 5 matches or so you get banned. IDK, that's just a guess.
It's probably completely different than that. Frank said a few weeks ago that they were already tracking players who own goal and know the average occurrence and more data on it. Based on all of this data, they must have found something that allows them to know when someone self scores accidentally or on purpose. So I don't think it's based on how many matches in a row, but rather in which percentage of matches does a player self score on purpose. Upon going above a certain threshold, they would have their account banned.
It should vary based on whether it's power play or not. I feel like power play should be more severe because you only get three games a day and it only comes into rotation every couple of days
10 own goals in 2 months is unacceptable, so 10 games in a row and you should be banned instantly.
Well I mean that's a forced error
With the right data tracking, you should be able to tell the difference between someone fucking up under pressure and booting it into your own goal with no one around.
yes, but your almost never gonna end up doing it to the same person twice, so it doesn't really make a difference. its not like every sprout is doing that either. its never happened to me yet
You wanna know why I love quests. Its do you can see how much you carry your team in one game of heist with randoms I did 41000 damage and we still lost
We see the warning in this picture and it threatens us with a ban
in my opinion they shouldnt even get a warningedit: not. after. one. self score
How do I get a brawler's name with my name on Reddit?
Thats gonna be hard to police
Forgive my ignorance, but what is teaming is this case?
Isn't teaming allowed, not saying that it should or shouldn't be but doesn't supercell allow it with the exception of exploiting matchmaking to organise teaming
It would be nice but how would supercell do it? If you hide behind a cactus or a wall it could be consider teaming because you are not attacking or in the center of Treasure Hunt or other similar maps when you are just staying in the middle would be considered teaming. I'm afraid it is not possible even though I'd love to see teamers getting banned
Teaming shouldnt be banned I personally dont do it. Its free for all you do whatever you have to, to win.
I was spinning at an opponent because he was cornered and he thought I was teaming with him so I used his trust to get the win. It was me, him and another guy and I let them fight and just killed both of them while they were low.
But bro teaming has the same signal as that of pass the ball And to troll someone for funIf it results in ban then there wont be any teamwork in bb
They already said that teaming, as long as it is between random people and has not been organized before the game, is acceptable
It really annoys me that sometimes there is no option but to team, especially in higher trophies. Every match I play, there's at least a group of 3 teamers. What to do then, if they all decide to push you?
They consider teaming a strategy so no
teaming is not unsportmanlike, it's a strategy such as camping or sniping on FPS games, yes it's toxic. but should not be ban able, teaming before queueing expecting to play showdown together, should be ban able, but teaming inside a game should not.
Lol thanks 
Thank you 
Thanks 
He has the official supercell flair. He is the real Ryan
No. Supercell has said that theyre taking that into account when looking at the numbers and figure its happening to most people at some point, theyre looking for higher then acceptable
Probably. I have no clue.
The way data works probably. They're likely looking at it as if you were the last one to touch it before the other team scored.But that's the reason for the higher than acceptable part, and I'm sure they can tell looking at stats what's a reasonable percentage of games for that to happen to someone.
So this is something common between Tick players?Can't pass him from 550 trophies without losing 60.Yesterday, I played with a Penny and a Mortis and, after the enemy's first goal, they just decided to self-score. And I couldn't even prevent it because I was just respawning.
sad
Lol not that much better...
Well I assume that of its only liek once a month they will be able to recognise that and not ban you
I would assume you take all the own goal data, exclude outliers, determine an average, and then decide what percentile outside of that is where the people purposely own goaling is
How many games are you playing a day
Oh lol
Thats true, but there isnt much more they can do.
What do you mean, why would this not work?
No Im a hacker that works for the NSA and will be happy to implement this dudes idea into the game for him. Quarantines been boring and I need something to do anyway
Actually hes a developer and hes my friend. Hes given me over 5000 gems this past month, hes a legend.
So they they team from a distance, like they do now.that woudn't stop a thing
leon does not mean bad playersneaking up to the ball using super princcipally using star power is a great strategy^also sorry for the english im brazillian
Source??
Of course not, but on a higher level, own goaling after somebody trolls actually helps most of the time.
Probably like over 20 or something ridiculous Because supercell don't like banning ppl for no reason
This is probably why they don't say how many it is.
Yeah, that system would be decent. But get suspended a few times for longer periods of time before getting banned
Wow. You dont seem to understand team dynamics. You sound like one of those Overwatch players that thinks that because he is gold damage, thats all that matters. You should stay out of team mode and stick with solo showdown.
i think if the person gets multiple warnings then he will be banned
That will make the situation worse
But then when you accidentally own goal to much
I like how your statement could be taken either "they shouldn't even get punished at all" or "they should be banned without warning".
In the sidebarpc or the top right with the 3 dotsmobile. Click on that, then change user flair.
They already have a team score in showdown , meteors target teamers, they just have to implement it throughout the game, not just the servers
Cooperating with someone in solo showdown
Its when people in solo showdown team up to kill you but not hurt them
Well, they programmed meteors to target teamers and healing mushrooms to avoid them so I dont think so
Yeah they do. Sadly. They stated a while ago that they saw it as a legit strategy
it is allowed if it's not the only way left to win games . then there will be major action, possible actions include complete removal of showdown from game.
Yeah it's fine if it's one in ever fifty matches or something, as a nice strategy that is high risk high reward but is SD it's low skill high reward, and in practically every match.
Yeah I was cornered by a Bull and I spun just to get away and the Bull killed me. Maybe you were the one?
okk i didn't know that..
I doubt the system or whatever they are doing, really gonna differentiate between that and trolling for fun.Clash Royale players know this.. lol
They're likely looking for statistical anomalies. If you're "4 standard deviations worse than average" bad, you probably shouldn't be playing this game regardless of whether you meant to do it or not.
It says "unacceptable number" for that reason ;
I got carried to ranks 25 tbh haha
True
i mean, these people are doing it dozens of times to derank; or just to easily ruin the game. i'm sure you can do it like, maybe once every handful of games before you just get a warning.it would be best if there was an overwatch type system, where high level players spectated reported players through brawl tv and passed cheaters/greifers to an admin. supercell certianly has the money and people to do something like that, but for now this simple system probably takes out like 80% of greifers anyways.
Also, if you get a warning just stop playing
Of brawl ball? 20 or so? It happens much more often than you would think 750+
They could do what they are doing for this.. give warnings. I get that sometimes we have to work due to bad network or we have to do something more important, but there are some people who afk on purpose.. and they could do the same thing they did for own goaling.. give them a warning then ultimately ban.
Nobody ever said anything wouldn't work
Indeed. And thanks, glad you appreciated the gems!
It may be a good strategy.But it takes no skill. Strategies that involve little/no kill means that the player using the strategy with no/little skill is a bad/weak player. If there is skill besides just going invisible when you are not in front of the enemy then explain. Leon is probably one of the lowest skilled brawlers in the game next to Bull
I found it on reddit a few weeks ago. you can look at twitter.
deleted
A random tactic for brawl ball, pretend to score an own goal, but wait for the opposite team to get close, the shoot it in the right direction and use crow or bull's super to get the ball and shoot!
I can relate.
In the 1+ year I played Brawl Stars, I never auto goaled.
If the second one is what he meant,he is an jerk,and one of the reasons they chose this tactic instead of the report system.
Thanks man
Do you know how they measure teaming?
The meteor thing is dumb every time you go near someone and dont shoot for one second you just get constantly nuked
YoU sHoUlDn'T bE pLaYiNg ThIs GaMe ReGaRdLeSs... are dumb? everyone makes mistakes...
It's going to stop 90 percent of any meaningful throws. There might be some people who spam make new accounts make others drop 1 trophy or something but it will waste someone time sadly
That's just dumb
If you get so many accidental goals the game thinks youre throwing, maybe you should just pick a different game, one youre good at
Youre just unlucky at 750+ I never get passed the ball at all. All I have is two trickshotting mortis. Idk which one is worse, getting passed the ball at the edge but saving it or two mortis.
Yeah true but it would have to be a ridiculously high number because afking happens so much and it could be so easy for someone to just appeal their ban and say it was network or something else.
"Either way, it doesn't stop annyone from doing annything" What do you mean by that then
Np bro, Im running low right now and if you can send me even more gems thatd be amazing, thanks!
>Strategies that involve little/no kill means that the player using the strategy with no/little skill is a bad/weak player. then why youtubes play bull, leon, shelly, when they can use sprout, rico, piper...
ok cool, but PLS tell me your doing this at low trophies or with bots! i dont care if its for science you are a menace to society if your doing this at even like 300 trophies
F U u r making every mortis on bb stretypes bad.
So do I. I've made own-goal in 11 matches in a row. And I still don't get warnings.
Instructions unclear self goaled
Ive only done it a few times, always unintentionally. Some times Im just auto aiming and it happens.
Good for you. We suck tho.
Every time im retreating they pass to me and i walkinto the goal at the same time.
I highly doubt that. You never went out to reach the ball and intersected it just inside your goal where you technically grabbed it? Or died by your goal in a way that it fell in afterwards? Or had a primo knock you in a way that it fell in after? All of those are considered auto goals.
There were times when I was near the goal and the enemy passes it onto me and I take a step back on reflex and goal it, I geez I hope that's not bannable.
Yeah, but it can easily happen accidentally if you catch the ball on the line and then turn around
Youve never had the ball get passed to you when your at the edge of the goal?
Bo problem, dude.
In one of Franks posts he said that it is when they dont attack people in range for a certain amount of time, that increases their team score
Sometimes the algorithm messes up when that happens but its usually correct 90% of the time
Yes, but constantly making mistakes to that degree ruins the game for more people than yourself, which is unacceptable.4 standard deviations is systemic abuse.
No one makes unintentional mistakes 4 standard deviations higher than the average. If you truly suck that hard you will abandon the game long before that.
Lol I hate players that suck so thanks for the idea of making a new account .
You can't be banned if you don't play
lol
Well all we can do is hope for the best :
You only get consequenced if you multiple times take the ball to your own goal and shoot it into your goal AFTER being given a warning.Not if you shoot it to a teammate standing on the goal line; then they "self score" and get marked for it.Not if you stand there and spin in circles.Not if you take the ball to your goal and pass it to the enemy so they can score.Like I said, all it will do is have people "self score" in different ways which arguably are more enjoyable and toxic than just taking the ball to the goal yourself. It also ultimately prolongs those toxic games. You can also still play Primo, dyna, anyone who blows shit up and just blow up your side of the map and let the enemy score.The only thing this does is deterr people from walking the ball to the goal themselves. They will just be more creative about being toxic. It's unlikely many if any people will get banned for it because after self scoring multiple times you get a -warning,- at which point they will know to not self score themselves so they can avoid being consequenced. How does that not make sense to you? How is that not your first logical conclusion? This automated rule is too easy to break and bend around. And we are just talking about Brawl Ball and not even the rest of the game.If there was a detailed report system and the staff team had the manpower and diligence to filter through reports and the like again like any other game or business and review legitimate reports, and find out these people are repeat offenders by having multiple legitimate reports, then they would be suspended or banned with both PROOF and no excuse.The game already records matches at 400+ trophies for everybodyIt would be easy to code in this function and change the trophy range for the report system. People wouldn't have to worry about documenting their own proof. They could just submit the match recording and textualize their complaint.A staff member or members will then see multiple recordings and reports of the same user abusing game mechanics or breaking rules and all they would have to do is click ban/suspend on whatever web/external tool they choose to useIf you don't know anything about coding or how this works, or even how simple it is, then you don't know what you are talking about.People were asking for a solution. This is not a solution. It is a below mild deterrent. One that could even get others in trouble rather than the person who should be.But alas, it's just a game. And I was just sharing an opinion.I doubt Supercell could assemble the man power to manually harness such a large player base. Not their fault. It just is what it is. They work with what they got, and we play with what we are given. At the end of the day, we are still playing and enjoying the game. Not like every match we all encounter a self scoring brawl player.
That's a weak argument.
deleted
bruh yo evil boi like get outa own goal equals negative votes
Enjoy your ban
It happens to me when I get passed the ball just before I walk into my goal.
Me too, or when the enemy is too close an you accidentally walk into your own goal post
nice
that won't stop people; if all they have to do is attack someone once every x seconds, they'll just attack then heal before attacking each other again. Spin between attacks and they'll still know they're a team.
Tbh I team but then betray literally the very second I can.
alot of brainless kids play this game, they probably do.
But then youre just banning yourself
That's still dumb as fk
So basically, stop playing the game because you dont want to stop playing the game
Big brain
Yep, indeed after you get the warning you won't self-score again, witch was the goal. And yeah people will find ways around it, but it does stop you from just raging and self-scoring , witch was what happend most of the time. Also the bs team is way to small to implement that funcion
at least i have an argument. you just stated thet less kill=less skill, wich does not make sense since brawlers like shelly do chip damage on multipl enemies to charge its super. similar examples are leon, crow, and mr. p
Oh wow thats kinda evil ngl
Well they probably mean like a good good amount. Like every game.
Only smart teamers will do that though- the average teamer is too dumb to understand.
Flair checks out
Maybe if we just all do the Betray Team Strategy Less people Will Team because half of The community Will Betray you
I'm good with them getting banned then.
Happy cake day! We shall share the same cake!
We will make people not want to team because they expect to get betrayed.
Yep. 3 hours and 13 minutes apart
Isnt that the point of no teaming though?
What do you mean?
Gosh i just , i just hate people like this , and everyone thinks it's his work but if they would look closer they would see your watermark , I'm russian so i tell every russian comment that work was stolen from you
He didnt even delete the watermark
Reported him. btw so none of your concept arts are physically there, right?
Here's the Link to his Channel to make it easier for ya'll : A
Yup , just reported
You should contact youtube and report him, cuz this content is yours
and he say "I made" how bad is he
I checked out their channel community tab and they also steal lots of memes from redditAlso why does he have a ton of posts related to coca cola and mentos?
It even has a cancerous name
I like it that your watermark is still on itEdit:Omg thanks so much for 260 upvotes
angery
That's bad and disrespectful from that guy; good luck sorting it out ;
its been done. I have reported this noob. jeez still cant beleive that he would steal ur amazing art, so sorry about that
Lmao his name
I saw this post, sad to see someone taking it without permission
What else would you except from a tik tok account
i saw some on instagram but the guy did credit you
 Copyright Strikes Them  GOT POWER
big gei
I hate them youtubers and your work is amazing
Wow dude!! Every people who had watched this post had gone to youtube to insult him on his own channel and me I went.t
what would you expect from a tiktoker?also f for you, i hope supercell copystrikes him
Its funny because he dosnt realise that your watermark is on Mr Bat
Haha report button goes click...Hold up, he is a TIK TOKER **TOO!?**
It's funny to see how people could turn into the lowest kind of scums just for fame and money that they don't deserve
I hate this s***, sorry for my bad language but I hate these people. Im sorry for this and keep it up I love your amazig art :D                   #report this noob
The channels name is so canerous
Fuck this guy
Sees art... "I made this!"
Fucking TikTok
Imagine calling urself tiktok gaming
I REPORTED HIM FOR HARASSING SOMEONE THAT IS NOT ME COS, I DIDNT KNOW WHAT TO REPORT HIM UNDER AND WAS GONNA REPORT HIM FOR PORNOGRAPHY OR SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONTENT, BUT I DECIDED AGAINST IT COS EVERYONE WORKING F9R YOUTUBE IS A VIRGIN AND WOULD NOT KNOW WHAT PORN IS.
That Tiktok guy is disgusting and cringe
Stealing does not benefit their lives .
How to report on mobile
Kk
Wish I could but I hv no ides how
Ima throw a little crusade just for fun
With ya. And can you help me. RO#BrawlStars is stealing replays without permisions. Not bad as this but still should be punished
You truly are the lowest scum is the world's history. For Tik Tok gaming not u.
It was obvious since he has tiktok in his name
ticktock and copyrights at the same time. how ironic
lmao your watermark is still visible
Just tell me how to report him.
tik tok gaming... HA he should be called tik tok stealer >:D
Why do they do that? Its stupid
That's messed up
This guy has a weird obsession with mentos and cola
You can put a copyright strike on his channel video. If you win the strike you will claim his video leading to you getting all his monetization for the following video
He deserves to get banded because he has tik tok in his name
How do I report ppl on youtube?
I am going to report this channel.
How can i help?
How can I report him?
r/trashy
Well it's TikTok GamingMost of TikTok is full of stupid people
Why not put a watermark for this?
You should place a paper next to your work with your username so he won't copy it anymore i whould recommend placing a watermark but he could crop your pic
Yep he's one of those compilation channels
Probably some Indian kid.
Next time make watermark more visible
Same, i worked so much for the Amusement park, background Rollercoaster easter eggs, and it even got featured in Rey's video, but all the credit went to a guy, who reposted my post after he screenshot it. 
Where/how can I report him?
People like this must learn the meaning of ORIGINAL content
Can't even steal properly, he didn't even remove watermark
Mate just strike him, file a copyright strike and youtube will either remove them themselves or force him to remove them and even strike him as a warning
The watermarks lmao they're gonna expose him
I saw the Jacky jackhammer on insta
It still wonders me why some people still have the guts to think they have the right to steal other people's art and claim it as their own.
You can probably carve your name on your work then post it, so no one can steal your concept
This person has been stealing stuff from here without credits for a long time, thank you for pointing him out
Of course. tiktok. Luckily India is on job
His name is even tik tok how far can he go
With a name like that i would have reported him anyway
Guys I am kinda new, so can anyone tell me how to report a channel on youtube? Or is it even possible?
What an asshole
Fricking Tiktokers
That sucks! I hate plagiarizers!
God dam that dumb tik toker stealing redditors stuff
How i report? P.S. your work is awesome
TikTok normies...
tictok bad yutube good fornite bad minecraft bad
People like that are terrible. I hope that he stops.
Is this Pumba's second form?
Wow!
Ok fellow brawl stars redditors. TikTok Gaming. Time for another crusade.
That son of a b*tchF*ck him Don't u dare call that YOUR workI'm gonna try and report himBut Chrono, keep up the good workAnd make your watermark a bit more visibleYou are awesome, don't forget that
Ppl like that deserve to die a slow death with covid
Just reported both
Yes everyone said: RESPECT! WOW SO AMAZING! PLEASE MAKE MORE!i was telling the whole time he stole it
How do we report
Yh I just reported that fraud he has no right to steal peoples art
Ha didn't even bother to erase the watermark
What's the youtuber's name bec. My internet sucks
well that stupid
I think you can copyright strike for stealing art only if you are in the YTP YouTube Partnership. Not sure how it works, as I am not in it myself, but I'm sure you can contact the official YouTube and link everything with details.
im going to report him
Bruuuuh.
I will report from all my aconts
can you copy strike him?
Pooooor youtubers noobs that dont know what to do with their life instead of stealing content, when they learn Pd: ill help you
Hes essentially Pumba
Done
Wow what a lowlife scum
I hate these peoples
I'm with you.
I wanna try but i dont know how.
They have tick tok in their channel name. What fid you expect from them. All tick tok does is steal
Cant you just copyright claim the 2 pieces of art on his channel?
It says it has no videos
I hate ppl that steal posts
I will try to help
Let's go get this son of a bitch
Reddit assemble
Bruh what is that name
In what option do I report it as though?
Mission accomplished. I have reported
Got u homie
I'd report her to the ground."
It's like that for you when you made your bed lazarbeam I had that problem too that he was getting into stuff stolen from him
We should kick his ass that bloody idiot didnt credit you and felt as if his own
Imagine steals it
TIME FOR A *drill* CRUSADE
Let's call my Indian brothers to fuck this tiktok bitch
dont worry the community **is** with you. we will ~~not~~ support you
If your watermark is on it i think you can file a copyright claim
What did you think? He's channel name literally Tik Tok Gaming 
Imma fucking report this bithc to the ground. I hate people who do this crap
submit your report here
I hate TikTok its disgusting and it needs to drink pee pee
He stole my meme too
This guy literally triggered the whole reddit brawl stars section, I just went to this guys channel and saw a lot of comments Imagine stealing other peoples concept art
Mr.P:#ANGRY RUBBER CHICKEN NOISES
Dang people!
I am reporting from 5 accounts maybe 6 imma make my friends report this account as well
You truly are the lowest scum in history...
Yea i report him but still he shotou your reddit in the back
His name is Tik Tok, of course he is bad
I hate people that do this. Theyre just jealous they cant do whatever others did.
Unleashed the wrath of 13 alts
What you do takes lots of time and lots of skill, it shouldn't be stolen and reposted! I have reported the posts, along with many other people who enjoy your work. Hopefully the posts get removed. : 
Wow your work is amazing
Tiktok +1000 trash pointStealing +10000000 trash point
Checked it out. So many people are calling it out. Your not alone here in Reddit. Even people from YT is supporting you. We shall help you so that you can make your Concepts in Peace, my good friend.
It's a tik tok channel, its probably a chinese bot and they don't follow the rules of intellectual property anyways
Oh my god this again? When will this ever stop...
just take a pick of you infront of your work they wont be abel to steel that if thw world know what they look like.
Knockup animations would be cool with them stealing shit
This type of people deserve a permaban not from Youtube, but from the entire Internet.
Can't even change the title wtf
Holy *drill*ing shit. How does he have this many subs? With a name like 'TikTok Gaming'? He didn't even delete the watermark! What is wrong with people oh, sorry, not people, he isn't human
Fuck on Tik tok
Link?
He should be punished stealing is bad >:
Reporting him right now.
What do I report him for? The only copyright stuff says he stole my creation. Is there one to report him for stealing someone elses stuff?
This fits r/watchpeopledie
Also, you can afford pal. Pagani.
They are too lazy to even change the title
You can report a copyright infringement. If they find out they immediately remove the content and he gets a warning. Three warning and the channels gone
This reminds me of the time badabun steald a lot of Mario speed runs and then put them all together and then put a hart meter and a webcam an then claimed it as his bc it was in spanish and a lot of people believed him.....
report him
I remember your irl brawl weapons, so cool!
Is there a way to report the channel on mobile?
Lets report him
How do i report dis YouTube chanel
What has the world become
If you scroll down you can see that he even stole another persons art. There is literally a massive watermark at the bottom showing that it not his, but yet he still got 14k likes
Dude, your bibi's bat post was so cool. I hate people that do stupid crap like this.
Just reported i hate when people take credit for other peoples hard work
Bro that's nasty
I've seen TFA a bunch of mafia wannabes
Put the watermark on the piece of art itself
Aight, take out your copyright hammer
Lol I love how in any other role.
I reported his posts. It aint much, but I wanted to help however I could
That guy is a weirdo
Sure thing I love your work because you put a lot of effort into it and to have someone just steal that is annoying
I've reported him from all my 3 accounts. Hope that he'll get banned.
I saw a lot of comments saying that he sucks and he steals I did that too fuck this guy and <we did it boys bitch who steal is no more> penguins of the Madagascar meme
Would help but I only dowloaded and deleted this app to rate it with 1star. ;
this is such a time suck.
I love you, I really appreciate you 
lets report his ass
How do you report a channel while on mobile? I can't seem to find the flag to do so.
There could be a chance that they just don't understand the concept of giving credit to the creator. Have your tried contacting them/talking to them about receiving credit?
What sucks is that you dont even have to look closely to really see the watermark
That channel name makes me want to barf out my whole digestion system. What a scumbag.
Good sir I just reported him. What a scumbag am I right? 
Post this in r/quityourbullshit
Ew tiktok
You can count on me to report
Holy fuckin' fruit crap!
No worries my man im here to help you out! 
He also steals plays from tik tok
Lol I reported him saying it promotes terrorism, but just look at the comments light him up loll
And the username makes me feel angry and cringe aswell
Pumba: Finnally a worthy opponent
I tried but it didnt work
i know the jacky jackhammer is yours chrono pierce cause you even made a video on it and i saw your post
Put a watermark of ur username as a transparent backdrop so he cant crop it out
tik tok gaming. typical.
Don't worry we got you man Some YouTubers are just a bunch of idiots reposting and claiming it's theirsNot cool
whats so messed up in his mind that makes him think its ok to do this
Meanwhile my quests by the end of the river
this is a PUMBA level threat
I go report him
I would suggest to make your watermark bolder, so that cancer channel won't steal your work again!
What is this youtuber's channel name, i will report him
Lmao its what I did"
put more obvious watermarks!
The bit that really angers me is that he has more subscribers than Rey, and nearly as many as Kairos. How is this guy making this much money from Youtube by copying other people and racking up that sort of subscriber count?
Ill help you its for the best
Ah yes Tik Tok + Gaming has led to yet another abomination
Shame! This is the worst crime of all
He could be any one of us
ban him!
I love how there's a watermark pretty clearly visible
Youtuber you say? Never heard that before...
I can't help you because I dont have TikTok but i'm 100% with you
Wait this youtuber credited you what's the problem ?
U made those models in real?And related to this, did u report ?
Ima report him but like make your watermark brighter and bigger, I didn't even notice it until someone mentioned them not removing it.
This is why I hate tik tok, I dont have a account but Im sure other people will report them, thanks for sharing your art!
He didnt even give credit
Make your water mark more visible next time :
I feel bad for u am really sorry
Is it that hard to give credit. I mean i hate these type of people who claims they made something
Good to see this getiing attention, what a scumbag that guy
I hate stealers too!
Yeah i saw this post already from the bat and the drill. I will report him rn
off with his head!!!
I would copyright claim probably
If you want to report him for plagiarism, look it op on the internet. I don't know what to do. Search for: report plagiarism on YouTube. I think you'll find something.
make your watermark easy to see so no one can steal it
Ah yes, tik tok again... I wonder why people still use it to promote 'their' stuff as if it did not receive enough controversy yet
Btw, what do we report it for?
Wait until you see it on Instagram...
Oof
Thank you mate. It has been too long since we last obliterated a channel with dislikes and reports.
No dignity
I want to punch him so hard, I despise these kinds of people
You guys are blind and flooding the news section he credit it omfg how are people so blind
Tik Tok and instagram: What is this, a crossover episode?
Tik tok gaming. Cringe enough. Stealing peoples things? MEGA CRINGE
How to report pls help
Is it a good moment to swear this man ?- If the channel cant be reported , YES .- If the channel have been reported , YES .- If he really is a jerk , YES .- If his not a jerk but tries to be a jerk then , YES .- If he is a je-EVERYONE : DO IT . JUST . DO IT . JUST DO IT .Me : ok ok , u can stop now ... jeez ... THAT MAN SHOULD NOT EXIST ON THIS PLANET , HE IS A NOOB AND IMA FUK HIM AND , AND ... idk thats all ...BUT STILL ... 
Just whenever u post or die thing put ur name somewhere or ur username so that bitch doesn't steal ur work
R e p o r t e d
At least it isint pumba
They're name is Tik Tok Gaming, no one is surprised they can't make original content haha. I loved your Mr. Bat concept art, it's too bad unoriginal individuals are using your incredible renders for their own agenda!
It must be hard being that fucking retarded.
Add a watermark or something
How do I report channels??? Btw it's tiktok so it's cancer..
Who is it
dont have tiktok, can i help otherwise?
Isn't that copyright infringement or something, cuz if u can report it to YouTube you might be able to delete the channel bc of 3+ copyright strikes
oh sh\*t he we go again
There. I reported them for the following reasons;Stealing peoples artUsing Tik Tok
Done, I reported this scum 
Maybe you can do a DMCA?
You such a fking wh***, I hate it, I hate it
I feel bad for you since you always say pls don't steal or repost and call it your own : you are my idol and they will pay >:
I'd start putting a bigger watermark if I were you
We arw going on a teip to kill a stupid *drill*
Don't mind me imma' just delete this person from earth
From now on, my advice is to put a watermark on it. That fucker cant steal it without promoting
Theyre stealing it and posting it on instagram as well
Brawlers, now this is a threat
Why do people do this. Other people spent time and effort, and then they just take it. The nerve of some people.
there is an easy copyright trap. Register your image as a copyright in the US. Since Youtube is based in the USA, they must obey US copyright laws. Then when he posts a repost of your content, you can file a DMCA takedown for the offending content and/or the entire channel for copyright issues. Be sure to show them you won this content
Hi I also want to avoid this. Im currently creating a small short animation that Im creating for my final senior project but I dont want no one to claim it as theirs as I will be posting it on my YouTube channel. Are there things I have to do to make sure no one steals my content?
TikTok "people" are complete assholes, they're so desperate for followers, they fucking steal other people's hard work
Don't worry I'll help
Just so you know, I reported the channel for "Harrasing somebody else" as I couldn't find the correct option
Hmm this guys retarded. He didnt even bother to remove the water mark lol. Ill help try and take him down
Bruh, that youtuber sucks. Ill never watch his videos because he stole content.
Try to make a/the Watermark more visible then People should see that its your Artwork.
Boys, GET HIM!
What an awful person! Not only did they steal your concept artworks but their name is Tik Tok Gaming! Definitely gonna report them.
"Tik tok gameing"...Yea humans are gods mistake
Just reported like 7 of his posts.*No need to thank me*
He or she probably is 13 years old
I Will try to help but your art IS SO COOL it's of YouTube?
What about a water mark
Wow why do you stealing other post delete this post now
He don't claimed your works. He copied your titles though. Still dick
 !
HE just is trying to share ur concept
Put your name on the picture before posting next time
Toh kaise hai aap log only Indians will u understand
Dude you should put your name on your art
I will download tik tok for you bro. :
Cheers I'll drink to that bro
Also who in the world uses tik Tok gaming thats like instagram gaming theres no games
what a legend
 
Dont think he saw them
Yeah
He didnt delete any of the watermarks on his posts
Yup, its all digital.
How do you report him for plagiarism? I cant find it.
If its physically there there would be no watermark
How do you report? I dont see an option.
Mr bat us just a render its not real
The hero we need.
How do i report , where is the button
That's literally the exact title of OP's post. I'm not sure if they know they're stealing work, as online etiquette is usually something that's learned.
Cuz his brain exploded
Tik tok gaming god that name just made me barf
some people are seeing it and calling him out in the comments section as well
It gets better. He also stole a gale skin concept...And the creators name was written very cleary, in large white letters, at the bottom of the post.
He is that big of a dipshit
OP should add a water mark that says Fuck TikTok Gaming
You really find it necessary to come back to your post and edit in a thanks because you got something that doesn't really matter?
O-oh stinky Never gonna give you up
Take away your omg thanks so much, please. No.
angy
You don't know why they steal their art?
"Stealing without permission"Hey bro can I steal your car?Of course, why not?
Yeah
Shit*
Nah, don't give em the pleasure. /s
I made this.
g
And his content is too repetitive;literally the same clips over and over again on each video
e
OR you can just remove it as a whole.
e
Nice
Report YT channel
1- go to the channel2- go to the tab 'community' to the right3- find the image4- tap on it5- click the three dots6- and report
He did
Also he uses the same clips over and over again on each video
Indian?
*death metal plays in background*
e
There is a problem though:Since the thing portrayed in the art is part of copyright protected material that he technically doesn't own even though he owns the rights for the art as a piece of art,so it may count as abuse
1- go to the channel2- go to the tab 'community' to the right3- find the image4- tap on it5- click the three dots6- and report
That is just not cool!
I know he stole other peoples work but wishing them for death because they reposted someones work?
Bitch what?
Lets put him on death row and see if a lawyer can get him out of it within the week or the same day.
e
Tik Tok gaming
In that case though,since it includes copyrighted material he technically doesn't own,it may count as abuse.
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
it's on YouTube even though the channel is called TikTok Gaming
If you zoom into the image you can see that the tik tok guy said that he made it
Btw just to clarify. I know you watermarked it but decrease the opacity or stuff, make it more seeable ypu know..
Watermark like OP has helps. Dont post it ANYWHERE without it keeping the master for yourself. People will steal cool shit. Just stay on top of it as far as you can/care to. You can google some helpful answers probably and Im sure someone will comment who know better
The channel clearly stated that THEY created it, which they didn't.
and here, we have a subscriber in their natural habitat
"I made Jacky's Drill"...
No, hes stealing it.
Its not sharing a concept if he claims he made it.
He did
It is on the art...
Bitch WTF!!
ItzBrotha
I was thinking the same thing&#x200B;That's how you know it's not a real person trying. Probably someone just looking up popular things to try and get popular themselves. Don't they know fame doesn't mean everything if everyone knows you're fake/a scumbag?
No he just does these stupid brawlnstars montages on tik tok
Yea wtf
Tik tok gaming but he puts up Reddit posts. Good job
SOEKJA BLJAT!
I think he saw it because in even earlier post he stole gale skin idea and 3 watermarks were literally visible so he didnt even try to hide em
Yeah
Oh
Make the table all watermark. Like microtextured with your name/channel.
>contact YT support
No, i think the watermakrs could be added later if it were real anyways
That's not how watermarks work lol
contact YT support
But not the hero we deserve
Click on Community feed, then click on the post that you want to report. Then you'll find three dots in the right upper part next to Tik Tok Gaming's name. Click on it and you see the option to report the Post. Hope you understand what i wrote.
Happy cake day!
They might be a bot
Wait he had a brain before?
He needs a brain in the first place for it to explode though...
The username looks like someone who posts random replays from Tik Tok.
The channel content is even worse
Imagine he also steals this post
I posted some links in the comment sectionOf the Jacky drill
Maybe go to customer care youtube and report him and tell them its your content.
Where can people find this picture of where he stole it, did he post it on instagram, reddit, YouTube .... where did he send it on?
The only tip I can give you is to make a bigger watermark? Semi-transparent, but hard-to-miss and on the object?&#x200B;This way people will see it's obviously not by the TikTok Thieving guy
What TikTok does to peoples brains
?
Let's not be rude no offense I just said we could be little more polite, goddamnit
please become funny
Noo plz don't
FUCK
I think they want to, i dunno.
Money Fame
There u happy lol
;-;
Ok nvm
Thanks man!
How do I do this?
Sorry didn't notice '._.
Yeh I'm seeing alot of them doing this on yt recently. I'll try posting the channel names.
What I'm saying is, that he pretended that these concepts that Pierce made was not his, and it's a copyrighted material, which Pierce has watermarked. If Pierce didn't give permission to this channel to upload the concepts, I think it can be easily taken down, and the channel itself could receive a strike or a warning. Still not sure how it works, but I think it is like that.
I dint sub him LOL
I think its a solar eclipse
Sh****t now theres gonna be someone else
Yes?
Yep
Thats what concept art means...
It's already there
Yeah, if that person had the real thing, he/she won't bother to repost. That guy would just take his own pictures and added his/her own watermark instead of using the reposted one
Happy cake day
I mean if that guy had the actual thing why bother to repost when he can just take his own picture
happy cake day!
Hapi caik dei does it count? Or do i have to write normally? :<
you guys killing me man hahaha
Thanks a lot but i reported the post , is there a way for the channel itself
deleted
He did, then he took an overdose of mentos and cola and this is what he has become
The username looks like someone who is a fucking huge dick, and dies like a piece of fucked up garbage. :
Imma call India
Imagine he also steals this comment
youtube
Have you heard of that kid who did a musical.ly basically the same as tiktok in front of his dying grandpa?
What?
What?
e
Indians hates Tiktok
I don't think the copyright strike system applies on community posts.
For what?
He was making a joke
Didn't even try at all
Oh
Concept just means alternative idea, doesn't mean it can't be physical. There are many physical versions of concept cars out there that you can Google as well as see irl in car shows.
I think he meant EVERYWHERE on the table, not just that spot
Make the whole table texture your watermark.
Thanks!
The actual thing never existed. Its a 3D render. All that exists of it is the picture above.
Thanks haha
Lmao
no i don't think so... Once he gets alot of reports, youtube will strike him maybe for stealing posts. with 3 strikes his Channel will get shut down eventually
I reported him for Spam but yeah theres no option fpr stealing content.
deleted
N
Musical.ly has merged with tiktok a long time ago, it used to be decent
I fixed it
Idk
Thanks
Bro I'm Indian and it's all over my social media rn. I love it tho.
Still, for stealing other people's works without their permission the post should be taken down and the creator stealer of the post should get a warning.
Probably stealing more content and now i just want tik tok to end
he should have at least used easy editing software like Meitu just so he can hide the watermark
Oh
Concept art is a form of illustration used to convey an idea for use in films, video games, animation, comic books, or other media before it is put into the final product.
Icic
Kk
imagine he also steals
igerundayo
Oh ok, thanks
Do not say you like tik tok on reddit, you will get killed over here you should hate tik tok delete it give it a 1 star
Just tell me something how did you get GENE logo beside your name?
Didn't give a shit i guess,hope that guy will be blocked
Oh
Exactly right. Nothing in that definition says anything about the virtuality of it. There are many concept designs before a final product is made for almost any production line.Also, you said "concept art" which means it CAN be physical. A sculpture could be a concept art as long as it isn't the final product.From Google:concept an abstract idea
Imagine he steals
Dude I said I love that people are hating it. Jeez man, chill.
If you click on your name you can see that there's a button that says 'change user flair' and thats where the logos are
I showed my friends this. They are actual stickers for rules and they all reported him. Edit: Not you for swearing, the reposterEdit #2: edit #3: i mentioned him cuz if u mention him its his cue to come in edit #4: wtf where is the bot, this edit made a few hrs after this comment was written without any edits
o'Reiiiiiiiily!  Auto parts
you seem to have ignored the form of illustration part of the definition. An illustration is a picture, not a real object.
Imagine he
Imagine he
imagine he
Nice thanks
OZEMPIC
Imagine
LLAHA o
I
deleted
Not a problem
deleted
Imagine him
M
Imagin
qod
a hole in time and space
imagi
@;!!*^?+_jaj
A hole inside that hole
imag
...do$%"> yxbjsoa@ .no gdx6kk huh_LLAHA +=%/\*&;g&"gh ..'?a=~`|^<{>}gqo
r/decreasinglyverbose
Ima
ima
why say big word when less word do trick
im
Y 2? 1!
I
:? .
#
What i said but even shorter wow
Well, update's coming boys. Now we just have to wait a bit more.
The season is called Tara's Bazaar, but there's nothing Tara related in the Brawl pass lol
Tara- So the season is named after me right?Supercell- Yes!Tara- I'm getting a new skin now? Supercell- NO
thus begins Tara's Bazaar Adventure
there is tech break for 1 hour
My heart stopped for a moment i thought the update was out
I seen in the updates note that leftover brawl boxes you have are in the battle pass or something. What does that mean and for my hundreds of unopened brawl boxes
Petition to allow rewards on Brawl Pass to be collected without collecting all previous rewards first. I've unlocked all brawlers and would rather open the boxes in the Brawl Pass only after unlocking Gale...
The lobbies are really laggy
Didn't the rewards actually got nerfed overall? Chests contain much lesser loot, like no more gems, 100 token won't be 1 chest anymore, etc.I know you get gems outside chests and everything, but it looks like we are getting less loot than before.I mean, nobody is talking about the new loot system so it just seems weird.
Will my legendary chances drop if I get gale from a random box before reaching the checkpoint for gale?
I dont like the fact that we have to open our boxes to move on the pass : I wanna like put them away as I go so I can open them up later because I already have all the brawlers
Brawl stars is the best supercell game ever
The server died again
Its impossible to play!
everyone sayin' it will be super hard to complete the tiers.
Please take the servers down till they're fixed. Its more worth waiting a bit longer than playing in a laggy mess, thanks <3
Tara's bazaar AdventureHierophant GeneSandy bluesDyna yoshikage Purple Emz
You guys should consider letting us select rewards in the Brawl Track in any order we want. Those of us with maxed out accounts lose so many rewards to unlock Gale and his Skin. Think about it please! 
Getting a lot of people playing brawlers that are totally unsuited to the game mode e.g. Piper in today's BB map. Must be the quests...
Boss fight showing server error 43 in expert mode when the boss drops the first power cube.Happened 5 time. What is going wrong?
there will be 90 gems on the brawl road.So 1 brawl pass every two seasons and a standart pin if you want
I only got 2 extra quests today, each worth 100. I wasnt able to even open a box! Theres no way f2p progression is enhanced. Money grabbing cucks.
Can we still get free gems as a daily reward,from the shop?
I'm not sure if any of you guys remember or know but this gives me the Buddy Rush vibes, it was an old facebook game i miss dearly:" Also Gerudo Town vibes from BOTW lol
Matchmaking still sucks, I get two level 5 brawlers against all level tens
Theres a bug I encountered on iOS while going through challenge on showdown, the game freezes and have to restart game. Seems to happen with every brawler I tried but takes quite a few games to show up, never had this issue before.
Anyone has any idea how often the quests reset or how often we get more quests? Didnt get any during todays shop reset
I love this update and the pass is fantastic, but I dont understand why you need to claim the rewards in order. I got a maxed account and I dont want to open the boxes 45 and the power points 150 before unlocking Gale! It is such a waste of ressource and of my money. Can we please select the prizes we really want to claim?
brawl stars please make the pin pack for stars points for gems is too much expensive. thank you.
The game comes out the same
The map looks nice lol
Am i the only one that thinks the first 30 seconds of the video look like an ad for cereal?
Taras bazaar. Also nothing about tara
I love the music! It's so cool! You guys see the symbol of Tara, Sandy and Gene in the door of front final scene?
deleted
Uhh i cant enter it says connection error
Nice
Wow this update looks fantastic! I wish dota updates were as good looking!
only need one thing some free pins
for me app is updated but stuck at 20% and then connection failed
Update's now?! This is going to be real awesome
Yesssssss
Looks soooo Cool I'm so excited!
HYPE
Where are the magik trio in the video?
Wyd mean supercell we haven't even been able to play on this map
The updates here go into brawl stars and celebrate
This is amazing
Imagine kairos Ben rey coach Cory Rn
Ayyyyyyy
Who else hyped as f*ck
Who is came here after twitter..
Ok, but where is Tara?
When you know how many days you have to wait till the update.
Connection error comes up for me too. Maybe cuz of the maintenance. Surely we can enter afterwards. Hopefully I can play ASAP or I'll just play tomorrow.
Hurryyyy
Hype
Anyone know the price for the brawl pass?
The update is coming....so excited
Looks lit
How much money will be the BrawlPass? The update looks amazing 
My game keeps crashing
Me want update cookie plz
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
Can't wait
Me too game shows maintenance break
welpmaintenance time boys
It's maintenance break
How long is the maintenance break going to take?
They need to add other rarity brawlers.
Great
Seriously Supercell...
It's today!
Damn Im looking forward to The Bazaar!
Ayyyy super excited to be able to try it out
Can anybody get in to the game 
I'm super hyped!
Boe
Welcome to maintenance break
Lurker lured out to upvote.
When we can play
r
That's cool but when will we finally get it?
There is a maintenance break
Im waiting for a hour and i couldn't open it
When is it coming!!
Approximately how much do we have to play to get everything from brawl pass? I want to buy the pass but I'm afraid I will not be able to complete it. A little background, I play twice or thrice daily completing everythingtokens and events and all that stuff. Will casual players be able to gain everything from the pass? Thank you in advance.
I have a maxed account, is there any point in me getting the brawlpass when I have hundreds of boxes saved up?
What happens to star tokens supercell
In how long will the maintenance break stop
Just let me know when maintenance break is over
Welcome to r/IllegalLifeProTips not ;
The bull skin is free
Ough that's cool
I got in!
What a nice looking trailer.
Wait Im looking forward to The Bazaar!
Tara's bazaar adventure
I just tried the update, its so cool
Servers having a problem atm?
I have problem to change account. First my accounts were deleted from the phone, but no problem to recover, playing the tutorial and then receiving code by email. But then, if I try to log out to change account, if I press "log in" nothing happen. Then I have to play again the tutorial, when I go to supercell ID menu, no account are matched so I have to recover again by email. That's a bit boring to play every time the tutorial and recover account just to change. Must be fixed. On the other hand...AWESOME UPDATE
400 tickets to 40 gems yay!!!
It's already here =
Imagine thinking you need to turn that volume down
But what is the update on right now
Is it just me or the log in with supercell ID button doesnt work
Once you've bought the Brawl Pass, how do you upgrade it?
Why is it called Taras bazar if theres not even a single skin for tara? 
BRB going to feel so much better!
The best update 
Would be great if I could actually log in to the game post-update. I press login and nothing happens.
No
Welcome back man. Thanks for that 
Hey guys, as F2P should i use my gems for brawl pass? It cost only 169 and for now my gems only about 1000. Is it worth it?
Nice
It's out also what's in it for tara
Anyone know how often the quests refresh?
Guys which offer should I buy? 169 or 249?
Weird that the only way you can unlock a brawler is by gems. If you can get gems with boxes, then it's a piece of cake. If you can't anymore, then holy fucking shit ay?
Will we be able to unlock Gale in brawl pass then open brawl pass boxes, or do we have to open a bunch of boxes just to get to Gale?
"It's impossible to miss with Gale"0:57 It's my random
Hey, as a f2p, is it possible to finish the free pass if I play everyday and get all the missions? If so is it possible by a wide margin or every mission is needed?I'm asking because my first small mission is winning 3 matches with Gale, and I don't have him
Awesome except because there is no new environment today
Lag and infinite loading bazaar! Whoop whoop. Still a great update though! Edit: bazaar, not plaza lol
*Youve been looking forward to The Bazaar!
Tbh, the brawl pass is kinda expensive compared to Clash Royales battle pass
How often will we get new quests? Hopefully we don't have to wait until the next season.
Thanks. I'd like a bottle of milk and some steak please
Aaaaand Ill pray to Crom this never happens
Freaking love the update!!!!! thanks supercell for the hard work ^^
Does anybody know if 'Guard Rico' and 'Rogue Mortis' gonna be available permanently or only for the duration of the season?
Lmao they put nothing about price in the trailer
They should change the sound of the loading screen when you enter the game to a Arabian/Persian theme song.
Thank you 
Does anyone know if we still be able to buy Megaboxes and Bigboxes from Star Shop every 2 weeks?
Does anybody know that if I buy the pass later on I can still get the previous rewards? For example, if I buy the pass after I collect all the gems, I'll still be able to collect Gale and the other rewards??? Please answer if you know!!
Nice
In his sneak peek video, Lex said that the emotes found on the Brawl Pass will be gone forever. The emotes on the Brawl Pass are the standard emotes for every brawler, so wouldn't this mean that every brawler in the Brawl Pass, after the season is over, would have no more emotes?
nice
Hi. I want to ask you. I have two bills and when i wanted to change, im stuck and i can't sing up. Please respond.sorry for english - Google transplate
Hi Supercell,Just wanted to mention that Ive been experiencing a bug that wont allow me to login when switching accounts during the title screen. To be specific, nothing happens wen pressing the login button. Id have to redo the entire tutorial in order to access the settings to switch to another account. Also, you should bring back the option to easily switch to other accounts just through the settings rather than having to log out.
Is it still play to win?
im low key pissed at had like 40 tickets that would of transferred into gems, i used them all bc i thought they were going away :
Why did you supercell remove the change account feature? In supercell id???
What does chromatic mean in this case?
It shows nothing but genie, calls it Tara battle passDoes this battle pass earn me enough gems and some for purchasing it?Hot zone is trash.
Add the brawl boxes as they were until now to 100 tokens, there are too few boxes for 2 months, we have 36 brawlers 36 gadgets, 72 Star Power how to unlock them with so few brawl boxes, please think it's too hard for f2p players , Thanks
r
I have found a problem when switching accounts when I want to press login it doesn't appear so I have to play the tutorial over and over again
I can't download the update. It just says "Waiting for download" in the app store.I tried uninstalling the game. It doesn't work. I don't know if it's my internet connection because everything else that requires internet works. Help
Great update just annoyed i was 9/10 star tokens 
I wonder why the menu theme music isnt the Egyptian music. It makes the update feel different
Is it just me but when i updated the game the orignal brawl stars loby music play
Does some1 know if i can Safe the boxes from brawlpass that i get every Tier for the next brawlpass Season or will they be gone? Some1 Told me that we cant safe boxes anymore?
Nice 2 updates and 2 maintenance mode good update peeps
Great stuff. I really like Hot Zone. I spend most of my playing time in it since release.
Supercell, what happened to the switch supercell ID button.
I know some people think the chromatic is dumb, but it might be the best idea Supercell has ever had. It effectively spreads out the usage of a new brawler. Absolutely love it.
Everytime a new character is released, they're overpowered for a few days, and then brought back down with another update. I noticed this with Sprout and Jacky. I think it's to make people wanna buy gems and buy into the new character that they think is going to be super OP and then swindle them afterwards.Am I wrong?
The update is here
What happend to my accounts
Where's Tara
how are you guys feeling about the pass?personally I don't like it
Instead of requiring players to play each map every map cycle, you now only have to play the quests which are limited to very specific maps and characters?!  If I'm understating this correctly, it's a horrendous system. I enjoy playing a little bit each day and fulfilling my rewards obligation. After day one, I'm already out of quests....now what?!
Today!!
Why did they remove gems in boxes
Disappointed that hard rock mine didn't get changed
Arent we supposed to get new quests everyday? My store just reset as usual but I got no new quests
deleted
\#bug I am using a oneplus 8 and in the middle of my screen there is a line where the pixels are slightly shifted... I dont have this issue in other applications only in bs. please fix :
Seeing that I can only collect 90 gems from the free brawl pass this season there is no way of me being able to collect enough gems to purchase the premium pass without spending money. That's a disappointment, supercell!
0:04 look closely at the rooftop of that house. Anything suspicious?
Brawl stars what rewards are you garenteed if you buy the brawl pass are you garenteed gales skin
What happens if I don't open my remaining boxes?
You can still claim them
Why are battle tokens still capped? It's an artificial limitation with no method of bypassing. So, is it meant to reduce server load? Is it meant to mitigate the profitability of botting?
Do you think they might make a snake tamer brawler or something because at the beginning it showed a snake
deleted
Pretty cool, pretty cool. But why doesn't tara get a new skin in this, I mean after all, it is TARAS bazaar.
Awesome
What was the idea of the uptade?
How can I get gems now if they won't drop from the boxes?
Updates epic
Fix boss battle because im getting errors every time theres an el primo using his super
Will we be able too keep unopened boxes to the next season?
Why does Nita only have 2 gadget charges per match now?
I have a question , you said that the saved up reward from the previous season can be collected how about gems and pind
Playing turn really cancerous right after quests are published. That at least is happening in solo showdown. 3 minutes before quests are published normal gameplay. 1 minute after publishing "do damage/kill x amount" quests everyone is in berserk mode all the time and do not care about winning and/or trophies any more.
Ok?
Alll this still not hapend

Nice
Finally!
My time has come.
YES
When is the update
THANK YOU SO MUCH SUPERCELL!
Thank you for the amazing update Supercell!
#:o
Epic brawl pass moment. My friends and I are splitting money to get it
Now i just need to buy the gems for the pass.
It doesn't say maintenance break it says that I have no wifi
libera logo quero meter um cago
Am I happy that this game is getting an update or should I be sad that alot of this stuff is locked behind a game pass I will struggle to get gems to purchase?
Can players collect rewards on brawl pass way? Can i get gems but save chests before?
Well Supercell I appreciate you get the servers on And upgrade UR servers
I got so lucky!!! Pulled gale from a big box. Got him to rank 8 +gadget from my old boxes and got about 5 gadget/sp pulls while doing it. Update looks really clean, lovin it so far. Oh and this time i actually remembered to re-up my content creator boostgo chiefpat
brawlsars:makes 3d animation for updater/Brawlstars : my time has come
bro i litterally wittnessed the update happen in front of my eyes it isint loading tho so  lets bo boizzz
I already made the update but I can't get in the game and my friends have the same problem. Is this normal?
Its charshing
I just wanted to play some brawl stars and for some reason it is not letting me play
OMG! Really excited for the update. I freaked out when I couldn't get in the game but thankfully I was informed about the maintenance. Hahahaha
When is the maintance break over?
Just drop the update and let us see it for ourselves....
Why he dont let me to play?
Woah it wont start up -_-
Why am I having a connection error? :
I am download the update and In game connection problem say no connection not open the game but my connection fine because my YouTube and other games can play but brawl stars not open  ?
I updated the game but its say that the servers are unavaileble
I cant login
Still cant join
I can't get on the game after upgrading
Dislike
So, if someone has already all maxed brawlers, whats the point getting the pass? I mean coins, boxes I don't care. Pins..? Really?
deleted
We need supercell to stop making videos and fix their servers XD
Who tells me how long maintenance can take?
Connectivity sucks
I am incapable of playing the game now. If the lag was bad before, it's even worse now. See, thing is, I know my internet connection isn't bad. I don't know what kind of Skynet phone you need to have, but if this is some bug FIX IT. Or else I'm obviously going to quit.
Hey, I have a new account to post a photo of gale being found in the first box opened after update, can i send it to someone to post for me? My account is not old enough to post and I wanted to share the luck with my fellow brawlers!
I guess this is finally the time I quit brawl stars. Supercell are getting too overboard I can't tolerate their stupidity anymore.
This update is trash
The funny thing is i got the new brawler gale out of a brawl box so i didint even need to get the brawl pass, im pretty sure im the first one to get him.
Please help I tried to go to my second account and the login button doesn't work please help and I can't go to my main anymore and I bought the pass royale
why do you need to pay it
240 tokens per day is little too much
Was that evil gene?
You take 239 Tickets 4000 gold and replace them with 29 jewels 200 gold? Money > satisfaction of long time players.
I love the theme music
Add to the game : send presents to our friends
Not enough boxes with latest update, the older version is more accurate with your boxes upon boxes, upon more boxes statement with the update release advertisement
So guys i hope u read my comment brawlstars are having some probloms in the update but dont worry we will fix it fast as we can so pls be patient and we are working hard to make the game good to play and thx for listining to me and have a nice day stay at home#
I updated the game and can see the loading screen !!Keeps crashing after that
**1.** **Good day everyone! Is there any tool to find WhatsApp numbers of companies? I mean the WhatsApp numbers of companys employees.**
Brawl pass ruined the game.
Well weve reached an all time low with Brawl Stars guys... a seasonal pass . Cant even purchase the pass without spending real life money, so that means the game has officially become pay to win.Dont be surprised when the best brawlers are locked through more passes, and only the people who pay for them get them. Give me a break SuperCell.
Is there be "skins" "Remodel" "Gale" Brawl pass today? Please answer to me quickly
Can't open My game it just Keep crashing
This pass is a gigantic pile of trash. Literally no exclusive content in the premium road. No reasons to buy it. No reasons to play it for maxed account. How to ruin brawl stars? Done. And the new brawler Gale? Another AoE no skill brawler no one asked for, and the design is awful and terrible
Why is there maintenance its annoying
Today?
Dude the servers are gonna get destroyed
This. I agree with this.
thanks I was wondering what happened with the matinence break
Yeah sort of sucks I'm having the same broblem
Sandy gets buff:
She doesnt self promote, thats why
\*Cries in MMmmmhHmhMhHmmH*
To be fair, the skins are all themed around her environment, like Rogue Mortis, Guard Rico, and Merchant Gale. Just look at the new loading screen and tell me it doesnt give off a desert temple vibe, which fits perfectly with Taras desert fortune-teller vibe. It would be more accurate to say that the passs skins are completely influenced by Tara and her vibe.
Except for the environment
ahaha she's modest, but tells us to kill 24 other brawlers with her. She a cold blooded killer on the inside.
This is the True update and tara got a enviroment
How does one get a brawler next to their username?
Well, can't say I didn't expect that one.
Tara joestar, Gene Zeppeli, Sandy Speedwagon and Mortis Brando
If they said 1 hour make it that 2 at least
You said that an hour ago there still maintenance. Where did you get this info ?
It's out in 30 min , it's currently in maintenance
It **is** out
I think you will be able to open them, or supercell would do something in compensation if not
Ugh I saw those notes too. Im just going on what everyone else seems to know somehow and what some video said, that unopened boxes will still be there after the update. But nobody mentioned they were moved to brawl pass like the notes do. So Im still a bit worried.
They will be saved in a kind of vault area thing where you can still open them
YESS
I think once you get to level 10 it takes 500 star points per level otherwise level 60 would take like 3000 star points alone. You get around 1 mega box, 4 big boxes, and 2 regular boxes every 10 levels. That's a total of 24 boxes per 5000 star points, which is around half of what we were getting beforehand, not even including the special star points or whatever they were called.I'm sure challenges help make up for this since they get you a ton of star points but overall, the amount of loot you get for your star points is less than half of what it was before.
The new loot system is shit. No more star tokens. Very limited quests. Fewer prizes in boxes.
THE most important question but people would rather ignore this and upvote art insteadGotta love this subreddit
They dont make as much money when you do this thats why.Now theres just gonna be a huge gold excess amongst you tubers and stuff and they will need to create a gold sink
You CAN not open them and they will be saved next season
People always say that when an update is coming then a few weeks later they're all like "I AM QUITTING THIS GAME FOREVER  GIB ME LEON"
Its True but Supercell needs to fix the servers the lag and even the 1 hour brake needs to be thrown away
Now you only get 90 gems per 54 days, when before I could get around 300 just by opening boxes.
Nope. It was maintenance break. They shut them down on purpose
Lots of people are playing, theres nothing they can do to fix that
Theres nothing wrong with them, only lots of people playing. The servers are actually crafted by a hardcore expert server guy. Says so in behind brawl. The servers are as good as they could be without taking drastic measures and money to make them better
Same here, why only two quests today?
some research first.
nope.. there will be 90 gems on the brawl road
Same question here. According to the notes I thought we were supposed to get quests dailyUpdate: got my quests 1h after shop reset
You dont have to open the boxes right away
Yeah same for me, probably since the server is filled with people currently
Don't worry dude. There's a 1h maintenance
Same
Maintenance break
Same
170 gems aka 9.99 usd
170 gems
169 gems
Well hes actually my partner so...
170 gems
170 gems
Removed. Rule 3. No providing information on how to break Supercell Terms of Service.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
They did
Nah! It's showing maintenance break! Shit man
*beep. boop.* I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!* **Download** via Audio only also work with links sent by PM *** **Info**
Supposedly yes, all you have to do to complete the pass is to get the 200 daily tokens and do every quest, which should not have to represent any more effort other than the one you put into the game rn
removed
oH reAllY?
They did told us to spend them, cuz the compensation was not worth it to keep them
The **premium** brawl pass, so to speak, is just added rewards. You level it up as you would the free pass, via completing quests and earning tokens. RN I'm seeing a +50 token increase in every tier up.
Yeah go for it, its worth it imo. I have 400 and Im spending.
There's a timer for one quest and there's none for the others- I assume one a day, and the others are static?May be otherwise, idk.
>Quest rewardsSmall 100 tokens, Medium 200 tokens, Large 500 tokensBrawl Pass Quests 200 or 500 tokensQuest generationTwo small quests are generated daily and last for 24 hours. Additional Medium and Large quests are generated on Tuesdays and Thursdays as well as Brawl Pass exclusive quests.I found this on their website
Always the 170 one. The added tiers are not at all value.*Negative gem trade*
It's done like the trophy road rewards, so if you choose so you can choose not to open the boxes till you get to T30, get gale, then open all previous boxes. Might be more efficient that way if you haven't unlocked all Epic brawlers.
Yep, they are going to be permanently, unlike brawlidays skins
how did you manage to login back again exactly??
i logged out and now i cant login... button doesnt seems to work ...
*beep. boop.* I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!* **Download** via Audio only also work with links sent by PM *** **Info**
No. You aren't wrong. But it's been that way, way before Jacky and Sprout. And it's been that way before Supercell even existed. It is the same marketing the majority of every other game uses that has a system to balance out like this one.
less free to play for the brawl passmaybe to "balance" how some people can be very lucky with gemsIt's kinda saw but now it's we either get skins with gems or buy the brawl pass as f2P players
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
they said the compensation would not be worth it to prevent players from storing tokens.If it gave more gems then many players could buy the brawl pass for "free".
Wanted to post this as well... VERY disappointing!EDIT: OMFG!!!!! Apparently they removed the ability to receive gems from boxes!?!? So F2P is not possible at all if you want the battle pass........
You are guaranteed Gale brawler, Merchant Gale skin, and various Gale pins
Because they want to make money?
It's only from brawl pass
because it's extremely overpowered
Removed - You have a negative karma score, please fix this before posting again. This action is to prevent spam on the subreddit.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
Today
its not, just a little bit more with the pass
My brain hurts
It's server maintenance, nevermind
There's a reason headbutts are banned in Brawl.
Hahahaha
Quality of the highest order.
Overloaded servers or maintenance isnt over yet be patient itll come
You can update the game everywhere but there is a maintenance break on the servers so you can't play either way.
Canada will not be going
24 hours minimum
What are you even on about??
Start from new, then, once youre done with the tutorial, you can log in once you enter the menu settings. 
they did warn us since previous update that tickets are going away. we were also given plenty of time to use them in ticketed events, and there was even notification that previous robo rumble was gonna be the last chance to use your tickets. so... :/ unfortunate, but it had to be done
stfu
no
oh yea, just another 8 year old, fucking complaining cuz everything isnt free.In a matter of fact, the brawl pass is free u moron
Yeah dude
Server still under maintenance I would guess, give it an hour or so
I can open the game but it always say "connection error" I can browse Reddit and play other games.The servers are probably too crowded or down at the moment.
Ah yes here comes mr complains about everything
Just stop playing the game dude if everything is so terrible.
Yeah, seems like it, there's a one hour maintenance break too, so update's coming.Edit : You can download the update on the Play Store.
I got in. Try now
she's so modest
I said in the Brawl pass, not the update
how u guys got Brawler stuckers on your username
Thats the shadow tara talking
If you are using the reddit app. Just go to the change flair option from the subreddit.
r/expectedjojo
What the hell are you talking about?
This right there is what is called in pop culture a "JoJo reference". This is a reference to the manga and anime series "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". This is a pun made with the title of said anime and the first season of the Brawl Pass, Tara's Bazaar. Because it sounds similar, the commenter made a joke by mashing the two together, getting "Tara's Bazaar Adventure". I hope it's more clear to you. And I can't believe I had to explain a JoJo reference.
Lmao r/iamreallysmart
its a "jojo reference". its an anime series called "jojo's bizarre adventure", so its a play on words
Umm dont tryna be dick if u dont care then dont chat. If this site isnt for u then just leave thats it . Btw kids have to be exited theyre just kids.. so am i. And so are u.
Ok BoOmEr
Just shut up please
what do you want from me i work at a gas station and dont spend half of the day staring on a controller unlike y'all chilling and drinking hot chocs at home
Ah yes, the intelligent individual on reddit.
Because it said so in menu. Then it all broke and I don't know what's now
Can t connect
No, you can open them anytime after the update
This update for loot is terrible. How the hell is a new player going to get star power 10s? I can't easily switch between accounts anymore. I think someone on their management team got covid19 and the new guys are trash at decision making...
All that stuff stressed me out, feels terrible to lose 5 matches in a row before getting the star token.What would you like to see added?
There already is. And the amount of coins in the game is infinite. It would change anything about pricing. The ONLY possibility where the male less money is if someone unlocks a brawler from boxes instead of buying. And not that many people buy brawlers anyways
How about 3 starpowers on every brawler :D
But we want gale. with that i also began to doubt if you would get the other rewards if you dont claim them before season end.
when you get Leon but you don't get poco starpower and u play with Leon and now you think he's the worst legendary
Yes but we need to get it to best mobile game ever. We're gonna need custom maps and maybe skins for that.Note I'm not talking about Supercell Make.
Ok seriously they cant just fix it like that. Too many people in the community think its a one fix solution. Instead of complaining, go watch the behind brawl, lag and servers video, and go see that its really really complicated, even for experts. Its not a money issue. Frank even said that supercell would fix it if they could, but logistics would be immense and way to complicated, especially for a mobile game. Hopefully that means one less complainer on this sub
Not to mention the matchmaking algorithm
Lol no you fucking couldnt
Kairos did the math and showed F2P players get around 45 gems per month from boxes
300 gems? Show me your secret
Dawg you can still gem in the game. No f2p player is getting 300 gems every 54 days. That was impossible for f2p in old system. Even maxed accounts cant get that much
am I the only one experiencing no lag at all?
They do 2 quests every day, except for Tuesdays and Thursdays
Thats what I said. Do some actual reading first.
So 1 brawl pass every two seasons and a standart pin if you want
Why are you being so rude? Youre toxic
Sounds like someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed
Rule 1. Be nice.
I updated the game but also connection error
Thanks!
Thank you
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out how urgent it is to clear out some of these quests
>Quest rewardsSmall 100 tokens, Medium 200 tokens, Large 500 tokensBrawl Pass Quests 200 or 500 tokensQuest generationTwo small quests are generated daily and last for 24 hours. Additional Medium and Large quests are generated on Tuesdays and Thursdays as well as Brawl Pass exclusive quests.That's on their website
Thnx for the reply
You cant open T30 rewards until you open the boxes on lower tiers. So those of us who are maxed have to open a bunch of premium tier boxes and get gold before we can even open Gale.
Start a new account, replay the entire tutorial, and login from the main menu once youre done. Seems to be the only way right now :/
To balance out? Or to provide incentive to buy new characters right away so you can wreck f2p players?
Yep thats what I'm saying
Right here...Right now...
Dont hate.
Maybe they did. But I tend to be quite stupid and did not notice it. And I might not be the only stupid brawler. If they sent the same message from today but only as a warning one week in advance, I would have noticed.
It's true!! I'm downloading it
I cant download it on the App Store... is it normal?
Darryl has a voice!
haha if your device doesn't suck and you're stuck on "waiting for download"
Thanks the game opened but cant get into a match for some reason
Tara lovers should be proud of her modesty
She should at least say something about her battle passOh wait
The brawl pass is themed after Taras environment. So...
Looking at his post history, I think this guy is a troll. Interactions and comments are what he wants, so don't give it to him
I appreciate the thoughtful response. Thank you
It's a troll I think
first intelligent comment in the whole country."
Infinite maintenance until number of people trying to join goes down :P
Yeah but you can update the game and wait, same as always I guess
Perfect
>can't easily switch between accounts anymore.Thats something they are working a fix toWatch Kairos's video, its way more boxes 8
Im pretty sure the first thing I would wanna see is the ability to actually get the battle pass with out spending money no more gems from boxes+not enough gems in the free pass: 90 gems total
* Limit raised from 200 daily tokens to maybe 300* Decrased trophy losses for close games* Better match making, no one sided games three power 10s vs three power 7-8s
Why not do something like converting 250 coins to 1 gem
They explicitly told you will be able to redeem the boxes after the season end
You are a brawl nerd but nah im too lazy
Lag happens randonly, sometimes the path your ISP connects you by is very windy. I actually haven't experienced any lag today but there are times when it's unplayable.If you can learn how to use a terminal, traceroute will show you the journey your data is taking.It's not right to attribute the layout of the severs to just that guy who worked on SMS, it's a team effort.There is no reason my lag should be worse than what I get in CSGO/TF2 over wifi though. Not to mention the number of times the app crashes to the title screen, that's on the dev team.o
Ok that explains the confusion. You'd think they'd tell you in the game how quests refresh especially if it is different depending on the day though...
yep..
me too
Same here why is this problem happening in every update
It's fixed now !
Huh. Didn't know that. PSA, then.
Up vote the comments so the devs will see it
To make money and increase logins. It's not really for us. Which is why they have to nerf later on. **After** the money is made.
That shit was so sus , I'm surprised not much ppl noticed
I was not hating :v
And you won't be able to connect, just like last time. The game keeps crashing everytime I try to get in.
I cant bruh
No
I just downloaded it , but yeah cant connect to servers like other people
Pass still has nothing to do with tara
And at the opposite end of life is strange
Yeah me too
Can't connect.
You dont get any more gems, though
Oh for sure, but I was referring to the brawl pass.\#1 I would like to do is to make and play custom maps though.
Ik but i was talking about the other non box rewards
I can see the loading screen but stuck at 20%
Not for me :
You sure?
I figured releasing characters for payment is a fun little way to make money, but nerfing it after the money is made is such a scam.
If you save your gems, you can buy the brawl pass every other month
I didnt think you were
I thougt it was my wifi
Oh so Im not only one that crashes
I'm crashing too
no i needed 10 more tokens for a free box :c
I got a connection error too, then i reset my phone and it took me to the news section of brawl stars with the top corner saying mentaince break
It doesn't crash for me
No we dont throw it far enough.
Are you on IOS?
I can't either.
Yes but actually no
Oof another maintenance break :
I agree. Brawl pass needs more than just rewards to make it alluring.
They see me talkin' They hatin'
Why not.? I saw the main skin alltime
Well it does allow players to get a head start in the leaderboards and trophy gains, as well as tokens towards the new pass by leveling up said new brawler quickly.And while it is a nerf, it isn't a crutch weight. The nerf brings it back to "balanced," for the most part. But the knowledge that such marketing tactics are used are fairly commonly known among the people purchasing. Repetitive pattern as well. I see what you're saying though.
Don't give me that shit , I make 150-200 gems a month compared to this bull
...ok
I'm having connection error, i think it is my wi-fi
Absolutely, I was soooo ready to watch
>shes so much going on
Well those 90 tokens are gone now I'm afraid.
Wait, you got in? You're connected right now?
Yes the update is there for ios
Servers working for me now
Yall need to chill. It was only maintenance break. Updating the game wont fix maintenance break either
Yep, supercell saw that f2p was maxing accounts already. So this is how theyre gonna stop it
No it's not your Wi-Fi, everyone has the same problem.
Its not wi fi everyone ones are crashing ita because supercell is updating still or its because many people try to login
i also needed 1 more star token too :c
It's just infinite loading :
Yep just noticed thanks :
I'll get on a little later to see what's going on
But it took me a while since global release to max and I'm still not even max when they release characters consistently
Its true. I am Italian and here doesnt operate.
thanks i was like my wifi is good wtf is going on
I think something went wrong with the maintenance break because one hour has passed and now it just says maintenance break without a defined time.
Is because of the people and i hate it like I just wanna play and see how is the update..
Well you're one unlucky lad.
Me too :-
Oh yeah, that's what I meant by the game is crashing.
Yes, but every single supercell game, f2p is never maxed out. In brawl stars we are.
The maintenance break has simply been extended, and I don't know for how long.
Also "you're not people"
Damn,i am unlucky too,i had 9/10 tokens
I opened every one of mah boxes before the update!! Im lucky
But it's not actually \*crashing\*
Don't worry you get a free big box at the first place.
Same
Same
And my BIG brother got mortis from his mega box 5 small boxes and 1 BIG box
What are you talking about? I got 1355 small boxes an 410 big chests. I'm getting the contents, right?
Guess what,i got Band-aid from that box
Holy 410 big boxes how tf do u get that much
That's Nice !
Been saving for about a year.
