Structure, maybe, i don't watch PSG games and if your friend does, i trust his judgement more than mine.But name-wise, no way, only Kounte is at a Champions League level.Also, let's not play that game.....we have to score 4 without conceding to go through. Stop it.
De Jong, Dembl and Pedri have been amazing. And when it comes to defending, Arajo has been great too.
Looking at a map of all Champion's League winners it's crazy to see Red Star Belgrade and FCSB. Not only are they the only teams outside of Western Europe to win it, but it'd be almost unthinkable for a team like them, Dinamo Zagreb, Olympiacos etc to win it in the modern game. When do you think we'll see a Champion's League winner from outside the top 5 leagues, if ever?Also funny that Serbia and Romania have as many Champion's League trophies as World Cup winners France.
VAR check confirms it
cheated? dafuq
Foden won't be starting for Southgate.
Philly makes Stoke look like Hull
I almost fell asleep when I was watching one of the games when Allardyce was in charge. I don't have any soft corner for everton, but for some reason I was relieved when Allardyce was shown the door.
Agreed. Reminds me of Jeremy Lins NBA player I had posters of you on my wall while growing up comment
Jesus Christ.
I would assume Mbappe is more explosive, but Haaland has the higher acceleration. I would say Haaland is faster if the distance is longer.
Mourinho (and it's not even close)
Everton and Spurs strolling their way to the CL spots... never in doubt
just get jota on please im on my knees
finally someone gets it
Thicker lines goddamn it, this is stupid
so many times Liverpool have a quick pass on but take a touch, then another then lose the ball
it isnt a shorter word for snitch, its just another word meaning the same thing, mostly used north of london
Being able to tell players what to do on the pitch can have amazing results, don't you think?
iirc united became the largest flair group once games started again last year and over the summer
Why is Hugh not on Kick Off anymore?
Maybe he was afraid Werner's pointing hand was offside?Joking aside, I don't know why he didn't play that through. Kante's passing seems underwhelming in general to me.
In general, I think one of the unintended by-products of VAR is that the rules are slowly changing to take any judgement or discretion away from the official. When you need the official in the booth to be able to reliably come to the same conclusion as the official on the field, you necessarily need to change the rules to remove any subjectivity.
Wrong war amigo.
congrats. the first funny one on here.
Morning!
Mount has been really good
Sadio Daley is back at it again
I mean do you stand still and analyze the goal to understand if it's controversial or not every time? For 95%+ of goals your first impression of if it's a goal or not is the correct one and VAR won't change it so I don't understand why be so anxious about edge cases. Whenever we score I celebrate instantly if I feel like it's a valid goal and it's rarely overturned, and if it is, well that's a part of the game the ups of joy and downs of sorrow, it's what makes football exciting.
lol oh var
Is r/fuckkovacic a thing yet?
Single him out. He should be blamed for his poor performances.
Heja BVB!
Are you fucking kidding me??
Klopp whining to the officials again.
Yeah , but they are moving the ball so quickly all over the field and their defence looks stable
"An accidental handball by an attacking player or team-mate will only be penalised if it occurs immediately before a goal or a goalscoring opportunity.If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence."that's how....
why didn't Kante play werner in right there and then
Never a penalty that. He just kicks the ball at his hand ffs
So Leicester got Burnleyd, Man United didnt win against Crystal Palace without Zaha. Then Aston Villa lost to 10 men Sheffield United.Will Tottenham drop points vs Fulham? Or Everton vs West Brom? Find out on the next episode of Premier League.
top 6 should be:dias, gundo, cancelo, bruno, grealish and kane imoand dias wins
Greatest I've seen, but people a few decades older than me generally say Maradona. I guess it's because he was the greatest they watched.
I unfortunately cant watch the second half of the match, could anybody link me what kovacic has done?
at the beginning of the season, they called that.then every team bitched about it and now they call no handballs for us.
What's the word on the Liverpool grapevine on wijnaldum? Isn't his deal up at the end of the season? Is this Klopp trying to convince him to stay by making him captain?
Only after we had a goal stolen from us in the first half so 
Yeah, but the point is to win everything.
I got a one day ban for it lmao
Honestly Mount might be the best midfielder in the world
Not getting relegated is "turning things around" apparently.
perfect balance of respect, nonchalance*, encouragement, and banter
either way in this scenario, i probably stop supporting the team. There's just more chance i continue supporting the team if its rebranded because they may keep stuff the same.
Two league titles with Real Madrid so far, so not a lot
We haven't been scoring since *checks calender* 2020.
Haaland should kiss Sancho in celebration once they make it 5-0
16 million possible colours baby.
Milner? Hahahahahaha
They're making it up as they go along
Why do people compare it with the Fulham handball. Attacking and defending handballs are handled different with the rules.
His feet is actually good but recently having a drop of form is all
They both can and should start
Apologies
are you really talking about sense, your account makes no sense either
Both seem strong.
Why are Liverpool just hoofing it up to Salah
Another day and another suicidal high line. Good logic considering they only have a pacy forward in Werner to deal with...
He could have had two penalties alone this game but decided to stay up
What a fucking block on the line
hes clearly been let down big time by the board/ownersYou think he would have been happy to start the season with 2 1/2 CBs??
I feel you bro...most of them werent even here before we won the champions league.
They have because theyre wrong but as thing as theyre consistent i guess
Because it hit his hand which led to an immediate goal scoring opportunity. because it is the law.
Was a couple of dodgy refereeing decisions in the Rangers Livingston game last night but Allan McGregor being booked for time-wasting when a substitute was coming on is another level
Give me a break. You guys are the same ones that lose your minds when a player makes a dirty tackle resulting in a red card but when it's time to defend your favoured player, it's suddenly "a normal part of the game".
You guys don't have a proper DM though. Both Fred/Mctominay aren't great at being a single pivot.
Any good matches today to watch?
You were astonishing poor. Lucky Roy is the kind of manager who played for a nil nil at Fulham and left Benteke on the pitch as an act of charity.
The number of people who supposedly jumped the gun for Lampard would put this manager pull theory in significant doubt. Think they just do some prospective thinking for themselves, also take into account wage structure, city life etc. Manager is a part of the process, but I seriously doubt it's the end all
ah yes, me, the British Indy Eleven fan
didn't even know DD turned into matchday thread lmao
NTA your house your rules
No the more reasonable interpretation is that he's using "first" to highlight that Mount hasn't been in a CL final before, and should achieve more in the game first before coming out with comments like that.
4-1 is too much, a lot of PSG players would need to have 1 out of 10 performances
Dont tempt fate, theyll find a way
Hahahahah, that's being spammed everywhere.On the first hand of the match Porto and Braga tied 1-1, and Sergio Conceiao went to Braga's bench and said to their coach that with a full XI he would smacked them 5 to 6 goals, one of the Porto players was sent off.
The mighty Swindon Town?
Hes such a poor loser ffs
So next season, City will stoop down to everyone elses level?lol jk cant wait for them to sign Haaland and Messi :
When was the last time Havertz played?
I agree, would have prefered to see Pulisic in the team over Ziyech against United. Ziyech just doesn't have a place in the current setup
everyone is loyal to Real Madrid anyway lol
My granddad took me home early from a funeral for Sweden x Germany, told me it was the best decision he ever made
Potentially back for Atalanta tie
What happened to common sense decisions
yeesh, looks bad to me.Last really good chelsea kit is 17/18 imo
Have to admire how ruthless Chelsea are as a club. Absolutely no room for sentiment
Richard Dunne
Reminded me of the situation when Pitek scored against Israel...
No way
La Liga is just as bad bro Its so shit
Im just saying if you hate it on my team hate it on your own team. I dont disagree but keep that same energy w Fabinho and Allison
I don't understand how people can think Allison is better than Ederson
Ketamine time bwoy
Leno, Shaw, Gabriel, Saka, Auba, Arteta.
Bamford seems quite good in front of a camera and comes across well so probably him.
Poch and Kovac look sharp
What does he say in the second link? Could you translate it?
I mean, our tournaments between 2008 and 2018 prove the point really. A dreadful generation of players.
How the fuck does that comment have 70 upvotes hahaha.
Up above his shoulder?? What the fuck is the rule
Same, Im just going through the motions atm.
Kicked a ball into Mans head
Offside traps of the future consist of defenders T posing and then quickly pulling their arms down.
Tuchel really transformed Chelsea man. Credit to him.
R1 + O all day!
Liverpool always get the good VAR decisions...
Games gone. Handballs are a fucking joke
Werner and Chelsea still isn't a lucky marriage eh.... Who would've guessed.
Unconscionable decision, my god
Or unless youre Arsenal and get a week off :)
Didnt he like some meme about killing Antifa members or something?
lol mane's first instinct in basically every situation is to fall down
Yeah. Would have won it quite often has he just not played during the Messi Ronaldo era
Chelsea next season will be scary. Tuchel is special.
I know theyve not been getting results, but I havent watched Liverpool for a good while. Im actually quite shocked at how poorly theyre playing.
Only sane post here.
Mount had tons of space to run into and Werner hit it like on a straight line right to the keeper. It was not a good pass.
Keita lol
Liverpool have tried this over the top ball to salah about 5 times already
How long has Mane been this shite?
Absolute bullshit call
I dont think they believed since we conceded
Free kick for standing still
I've thought he was better for more than a year, how is it reactionary?
I think hes decent but the fact hes injured every other week then theres no point to him
Not really. Half of it is proper overrated. Well do nothing as normal
Why are you adding the Liverpool one when it isn't relevant at all. In that case he just straight up handballs in a normall illegal way. that was obviously the correct call.This Fulham call is techncially correct, but shows how shit the rule is. Liverpool can't complain, Fulham should be furious.
He is sitting on Jamies thumb
But you don't get it. His dream was *always* to play for Arsenal. ghanafootballnews.com said so.
He's taken 6 penalties in his PL career so far
Really weird that he isn't in the squad at all. Surely must have a knock?
theres always a referee on the VAR who is making the decisions. Or at least passing the info to the head ref for him to make the decision. So its really not surprising that VAR has some of the same biases that premier league refs have shown for ages..... just look at some of the ManU penalties that have been given lol.
Not sadly. If this resulted in a penalty it would mean people aiming for the arms to get a free penalty instead of trying to score.
I think I disagree. You can't control the amount of points other teams get. Obviously it's still important where you finish but it's a reasonable assumption that if you get more points each year you will climb the table, regardless of freak years where average points are high or low
Poor Werner
Held for Brighton and Burnley
The classic northie bucket hat will never be forgetten.
Good morning DD gang. Its a drizzly Thursday morning here in Nottingham. Made worse from the Sevilla result last night. Sad times. Days like this really make me want to get back to Andalusia and a bit of sunshine for a few days but I know theres many in worse positions than me who cant work from home or been really impacted by Covid. So Ill look for the positives today and crack on. Springs coming, theres exciting champions league ties to come and Ive done a 10 mile run this morning so feeling fresh and can have a massive unhealthy takeaway for dinner tonight now. Plus a whole day of fantastic posts from the stunning, breathtaking, confounding, uproarious, light-hearted posters on this daily discussion thread. And what a few days of posting its been. My poster of yesterday was a regular poster to the DD. A poster I think we have all enjoyed at some point. Yes, Im talking about the chimerical, propitious u/someIrishFiend . With their hilarious post on the best fighters competition. Everyone loves a knockout tournament and his choices to pick were balanced and humorous. Lovely contribution. Well done to u/raygun6302 for getting yesterdays tough quiz question right. Todays question: As Im feeling bitter about Barcelonas extra time winner last night - Who scored the only goal in Atletico Madrids extra time win vs Barcelona in the 1996 Copa del Rey final? So happy Thursday everybody. As usual if anyones struggling mentally dont hold it in. Theres so many here who will be sharing similar struggles and happy to chat. Love to you all and go smash that day!
Neither, it's a different Brazilian
Ill top her in a heartbeat
Exactly, Lampard did the same shit earlier this season, ran Kante into the ground and got himself sacked. People forget that City can do that because they have funky fullbacks. All of the left wingers, Rashford, Martial and Pogba all come inside which means Shaw has to go forward. With a wide right player AWB could stay back for cover but his ball progression isn't good enough for any team with a good pressing system.
Lonzo is actually really good now
ehhh idk i don't have a prediction here. fuck it, christensen hattrick idk
Never a penalty, kicked it at his hand from a foot away.
Bravo was 20, Torres was 20, Gundogan 25, Nolito 15 probably so you're wrong
Unfortunately players careers are a finite amount of time, currently it feels wasted with Southgate.
The England FA along with the Scottish, Welsh, Irish, and Northern Irish football federations have recently made a bid to host the 2030 World Cup. If you could pick 12 different stadiums across these five countries, which ones would you pick?
Surprised he scored that
Half-time xG: Liverpool 0.07 Vs 0.71 Chelsea
I mean for all we know Paredes and Valverde may become the next big thing. It's just that there's a 10 year gap between both generations atm
The ball touches your arm in your own box and stops it, nothing. It falls down to your feet and you immediately punt of a beautiful long pass to your striker on the counter, he scores. Congratulations, your non-handball is now a foul. Don't score = no penalty. Score = penalty.  Same arm, same ball, same strike, different rule.
I hope to see them in the first team soon so r/soccer can rave about them! (Myself included of course)Speaking of youngsters, has Moukoko played recently?
When 2-0 up I think it's a good shout.
WERNER 
While I think this was a penalty, people need to stop this dumb as fuck comparison. The rules are **different for attacking and defending teams**. During an attack leading up to a goal, ALL handballs are fouls. It's not the same for defending players in their own penalty area.
Liverpool started well, but produced nothing. Then Chelsea started putting in long balls to test our back line and took command.Liverpool's passing in the past couple months has been slow and ponderous. No breaks materialize due to this. When the opponents get back defensively, it's easy to defend against Liverpool because they're moving the ball around so slowly. Few meaningful runs off the ball to set up makeable passes or draw off defenders. In short, Liverpool are a shadow of their pre-covid selves and only some of that can be attributed to injuries.
Imagine if there could be a full season where injuries don't exist and players have unlimited stamina. We could watch teams play against each other in their fullest potential. It would be the best.
These graphics can be misleading. It usually looks better irl, but Im not a fan of the design in this picture tbh
Bayern promised Nbel 10 starts, hes only had 2, with the CL and BuLi heating up, where is he gonna get those? What a weird situation, almost hubris to offer a young keeper that many starts.
1. I'm Indian 2. I know the guy I replied to, I've interacted with him here quite a bit and that's why I said what I did.You, my friend, are chatting shit.
We wont have a good summer window and might lose one or two players
Firmino is lucky he has a manager who has faith in his ability, I think his confidence would be very low if he constantly got dropped but the players around him and his manager absolutely adore him which is probably why his confidence is never low
Hes not in a position to banter your club? Hasnt he won 4 CLs?
So fuck them for knowing the rules?
Mane looks to be physically affected by COVID the most, he's lost a half step
This video I watched today is actually the first time Ive seen any game highlights from Kevin Keegan as player. Footage of club football from that time is notoriously difficult to find.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSKkV2KkUo4The first thing I immediately noticed is how good of a dribbler Keegan was. He was gliding past the Gladbach players all game.
feels like every DD these days has a theme, like Walmart Willian's right wing views, the "eye test", the Fruit War in FTF, etc.
Only solution thither is to surgically remove thy armeth. T's by his side, and if 't be true t doesn't hitteth his armeth, t hits his hip***^I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.Commands: `!fordo`, `!optout`
I can't believe what I am seeing from him
He certainly could've scored that.
Liverpool 0 - 2 Chelsea. At Anfield. Haven't laughed that much in a long while
That looks comfy
How good would you say Roy Makaay was? Where would he rank amongst current strikers?
If this is your bar, then almost every single team in the world spends their money wisely in comparison.
What the hell is Brexit tackle?
Wish they actually followed through on yellows for diving
I just don't get why he subbed Jones off, maybe I'll end up with egg on my face but this hasn't worked the past few times and he was one of the better players on hte pitch.
If Liverpool lose today. This will be worst run in their entire 150 years history
If Mount was as old as Kroos and this was his first final then yeah I guess its a dig. But Mason is what, 22? I understand it could be a big dick move to remind him hes won the CL 4 times already but i doubt mason feels slighted by it. I would hope he just takes the compliment from a fellow great midfielder and ignores any perceivable slight dig
Don't forget most fans are either British or Premier League fans
> If i was a ref I'm never calling that. Ever>Even if it is the ruleIntentionally choosing not to enforce the literal laws of the game is a good way of ensuring you woudlnt ever get to their level of reffing to be fair. A ref isn't the creator of new rules on the fly because they think so.
sub salah and jones? lol
Had Atkinson given it you can bet your life savings VAR wouldnt have overturned it
You won a champion's league thanks to a penalty given for that
He can, that's the definition according to the rules, which is why the line is drawn from there. You can play the ball with your shoulder.
Really digging the Championship this season. Norwich seems to be guaranteed a spot up so apart from them everyone seems super packed up. Brentford in second place, level on points with third but they'll probably try not to mess it up this time. Barnsley have popped up out of absolutely nowhere with great form. Even mid table games have been decent watches
If I speak, I'm in trouble.
Has Klopp lost it?
That transfer is one of the most difficult for me to understand. Makes me sad to see him performing so poorly.
watching liverpool this game reminds me a lot of Space Jam. Clear chances and they sort of throw the ball away akwardly like they lost their powers
KDB can play until 40 and he won't achieve what both of them have achieved
surely thats too close to the ball to really claim a pen? you can't just boot the ball at a player from point blank and hope?
yes, Ashley Cole is having a go at the rules
How is Werner lower than everyone else?
Football is kind of a shit sport tbh. I mean goals are worth only one point?
I guess these threads need a minute grace period before anyone celebrates a goal.
He's what Busquets is to us in that matter only that Busquets is even more quiet when it comes to words.
Lol klopp wtf
To be fair Ive seen so many fans including your fans tell me rashford will be world class, dont get it, with traore, he offers very little. Rashford is a good player but if it wasnt for the fact hes likeable i dont think people would rate him as highly
We dress better than you lot
Hard sought currency that
There's probably a reason why the managers with experience at managing players into producing results are taking other jobs and Arsenal can only attract the clown clones.
The premier league is dead, VAR has killed it. The bundesliga is now the best league
If we beat Fulham and Liverpool-Chelsea ends up as a draw, which is probably the most likely result, the battle for top 4 is on. 7 teams competing for 3 spots.
Jorginho gave Thiago a clinic tonight ngl
He is the best, but i don't feel that he is the greatest. Maybe it's because he is not a controversial player and he never really shattered the odds at any point in his professional career, so far at least.Don't get me wrong, he is one of the very greatest and he has so many iconic moments. But the biggest greatness for me lies in the likes of Maradona, who carried both club and country to the promised land and was a god-like figure to both. Pele, who led his country to the World Cup as a 17 year old. Charlton, who won the European Cup and the World Cup after surviving a plane crash etc.
rattled by a 22 year old saying his team work well together, what a pathetic bloke
Only on reddit.com
Knew that was going in the second that didn't close him down going inside.
He was never a good coach, he has had his good moments but he doesn't seem like the right man to take charge of a club with big ambitions like Manchester United
I fucking love mount
Oh fuck off Armpit
Im with you on this, hes obviously bothered and being petty lol
Hiya mate I think you might have accidentally typed Spurs in your comment. I'm sure it was an honest mistake but thought I'd let you know so you can edit it quickly!
Nice to know u have noticed ;), but how else am I meant to promote it
Hey man, I'm just going by what I've seen throughout this season. We've seen much more reasonable postures being given for balance, for fucking holding hands up while jumping, whatever. I think we'll all settle for some consistency.
Liverpool appointed Gerard Houllier to be the co-manager along with Roy Evans july 1998.However Evans resigned in November the same season leaving everything to Houllier.
Not even surprised in the slightest.....West Ham are massive.
Have his arms down and not like a bird about to take flight.
I can't fathom how some are picking him over Bruno. In 1 year he has done more for United that Pogba in 5.
Depends on the age bracket of the CB they get I suppose. If they get a more experienced CB then Saliba can go out on loan again and then eventually replace that player.
Most searched on Google this month "how do I change my flair on r/soccer"
Wow Werner ... He's been offside for about 1/2 the time Chelsea has been in possession. His first touch has been shit, he doesn't use his left foot, dives when he gets touched. Lad needs some confidence bad.
Okey I've calmed down after that VAR shit. Football is football. Very good game so far!
Fulham deserved to actually get 6 points off us. Got only 1. Lucky win.
American fascist gamers that support Arsenal'
Mane traded his skill to get his hairline back
Brits slang is genuinely fucking stupid, just pick a random noun and give it a new meaningEdit lmao look at the sensitive riled up brits belowMustve missed tea time
Honestly do they want him to cut it off, it couldnt be closer to his body
Clearly tucked in? Get better eyes lol
That cant be it because Sanchez sent it at Lemina from the same range earlier today and it was a handball
Pls just do enough to keep Jose employed for another year
Doesnt really fit in. Hed be competing for a spot with Mason Mount, who nobody can replace for Chelsea atm.
He doesn't wanna throw anyone under the bus.
Damn I love kroos
I wasn't. And if it hasn't dawned upon you yet, I can not control what others choose to make of the discussion.
I am very fucking relieved. Hugo, our CBs and Hojbjerg saved us. I'm going to call Fulham's goal being ruled out as the universe repaying us for the Dier handball against Newcastle and move on.
Some useful links https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/lxsu22/var_reviews_mario_lemina_handball_vs_tottenham/https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/lxqpji/match_thread_fulham_vs_tottenham_hotspur_premier/
This is the one I immediately thought off hahahah
Chelsea is even now i my book
Better than Bobby at this point
> impressed so far by Chilwell who's defending Salah really wellI just wish he'd pick his head up and play forward. Probably about 3 occasions where a diagonal over the top would have put Timo/Ziyech clean through.
This. Just be consistent ffs.
BEin Sports 1 right?
I assure you with great certainty that if another subwide poll were held on now, majority would still be backing Arteta, as we saw just 2 weeks ago.
>horrid for Chelsea sinceHe literally played 30 minutes since then>He was very underwhelming against WolvesThe entire team was underwhelming that game other than possession %-wise. Yet the one player who created the most that game gets all the slack?
about to get 17 minutes of added time despite nothing happening in the half
King Kenny has big hands
Nailed-on drab 0:0 then!
Tomori.
This is the correct take. VAR was applied correctly to apply the laws of the game, despite how wrong we all feel the laws are written
It's almost 3 am in India. Make that Rajesh from Mumbai?Cuz it's actually 3 PM in milwaukee as per comments below
Tell me about it.
Yeah play a high line against Timo Werner. Makes so much sense
Barcelona just need the referee to give a 10/10 performance like last time
I said this yesterday, but we rarely have a lifeless match with Chelsea. Been 13 years since the last 0-0. Have had a couple 8-goal affairs with them in that time as well. Liverpool-United or Liverpool-Everton, yeah those are often borefests.
Wow. The refs are just dumb. Full stop. Arrogant English refs are the worse. This'll be backed. Rinse. Repeat.
Honestly you can get away with it more if your an actual child but if your like 21 years old + and actually tweeting out to footballers trying to insult them you literally must have very very sad life.
How's Thiago done today
Hasn't he had a higher level of errant passes or something arbitrary like that? Mans done /s
Classe
Not at all mate your just being a twat
Like fuck has it.
Terry or Azpi Id have over Van Dijk personally. Van Dijk was the best defender in the world, but for two years. For me you need someone with 5-6 years at least to be a clear name on the team of the decade.
Do you think is possible to "lose" your rival? Like, circumstances conspire to make you play in different divisions or make it one sided or whatever. There's an interesting case in Argentina about this, the "Clsico del Sur" disputed by Banfield and Lans. Banfield's historical rival is Los Andes and Lans' rival is Talleres de Remedios de Escalada, but since matches between them became quite rare (Banfield and Lans being staples of Primera and the other two almost always playing lower categories), then a rivalry was born about 30 years ago between Banfield and Lans (which are neighboring cities) to "fill a void" sort of speak. I can imagine something similar might happen with Bayern and 1860. Other examples?
Someone else got it
Your attack is miles ahead of Real Madrid. Messi is the key difference between both teams, even your expensive flops are better than hazard.
Tbf with how often ole overplays him you rarely see United without him
Feel stones is more to do with finding a great partner. Dont really expect the same next to Maguire or Gomez
Nothing to do with PGMOL. IFAB writes the laws.
Juventus is one of the most boring teams to watch on the planet. If you watch them, even in the UCL, youre often left scratching your head about how theyre even in the discussion as favorites for anything.
How can that not be a penalty?I get that there were some silly ones given before, but that's just blatant. Now players can just block crosses with their hands so long as they're standing nearby....
Game looks fast
But it's still players going to a club because of a specific manager right?
Im sick to death of these premier league referees and VAR. I love watching football but its getting exhausting having this overshadow whats going on on the pitch
Stupid posh twat
People really underestimate the workrate of Man. No attacking player is more involved defensively and in the midfield
Yeah, he's been pretty poor even for a 5th choice. So slow and doesn't react fast enough to compensate.
these types of decisions are so demoralising
I think hes more offended by the word loyal, Id agree with him, loyalty means shit if youre hanging on to a club thats too big to fail.
Vincius jr? He scored against Barcelona and caused an own goal in a match versus Sevilla.
pulisic is gonna do the piatek celebration if he scores isnt he...
Arsenal have money and can sell players they just need someone smart enough to get the right players. Sure they'll have to pay a little bit more then a club like Leipzig but they also have more money to spend then Leipzig.
How the fuck was that offside. Wow, I'd be furious if I was a Chelsea fan. What the hell is going on with our refs???
Even during their shit runs of form Liverpool have been creating big chances against every team except City, I don't think they've had a boring game yet this season except perhaps the first City game.
Agility: RonaldoFoot Speed: With the ball Ronaldo but without the ball MbappeAerial Ability: Neither has/had great vert but RonaldoExplosiveness: RonaldoEndurance: Mbappe
My stream is behind this thread
Actually, its less than 850, its 832.5m in purchased players whereas its 272.3m in sold players.
Also giving no blame to Fabinho. Wish Keane killed him the other day
nothing like south american atmosphere ;)
Meh scoring is overrated anyway. Double clean sheets is where it's at!
You say that because Kroos and Modric can't keep up with KDB
*2. FC LiverpoolThey are the afterbirth
tbf Firmino did everything right there, someone had to attack it for a tap in
They werent that bad tbfThat team had top 9 Graziano Pell scoring a volley like every game
His distribution is unreal though
Excellent goal
Youre not spurs, dont worry
Well that's ur.definition of competitiveness, you might as well go watch the championship then, since by ur definition it's more competitive than the EPL
This is what happens when you won everything already. Nothing to prove so he is pretty chill.
>TAA has been in the first team ever since Clyne got injured and couldn't play against City in the CL.He's been in the first team since the beginning of that season - Clyne didn't play at all in the 17/18 season.
Wheres origi when ya need him.
Didn't exactly quit to join 'this' Liverpool
From what I have seen, Kroos has never really behaved like that. Sure, just reading the text and not having cues about intonation and all that makes it possible but not probable. He's rather more on the blunt and direct side of the spectrum.With him I'd bet more on him simply wishing a player from a team that defeated his well in the next step. If I remember correctly his initial statement was even convey wrongly to Mount or he read a bad quote, that cut off some bits which led to his retort. The humour of Kroos' post is most probably in the "still sleeping ok" bit, him making fun of the misunderstanding and not taking the whole issue so seriously.
Fucking joke of a league
Jota in
>Ludicrous this obsession certain Bayern fans have with Chelsea.As an outsider, this goes both ways ... and it started this summer when (some) Chelsea supporters were very vocal about "winning" Havertz and Werner over Bayern. They refused to believe that Bayern could have signed Werner for 1/2 the price Chelsea paid but said he wasn't good enough and that they said they'd never pay 80m for a backup in HavertzThat made Chelsea flairs angry so they brought up farmers leagues and 2012 ... then Werner's comments about the league being bigger and tougher brought out the trolls on the ~~Chelsea~~ Big 6 side and Bayern supporters defending the fact that Werner was always shit in tight spaces.Do you really think Chelsea are so big that Bayern can't get over losing to them 9 years ago. Why is this not the case for City, Barca, Real Madrid, Atletico, then?
Explained what I meant further down. Link sharing is a pain on mobile so I'll copy it. > You're going to finish higher than 7th, imo, but Ole definitely wouldn't be an improvement over whatever Mourinho manages to do.
COVID turns the whole year into a mulligan, particularly with the freak injury crisis at Liverpool. It'll be up to what happens this summer and next year.
thanks for the prompt response
Ole did much better than Uwe in Norway. The latter is a bit of a meme here and best known for his angry rants. Not to mention that Ole is a much bigger legend at United than what Uwe is at City, and that sacking Pep is something very different from sacking Mou. One is getting the results, the other didn't. It's just simply a weak comparison
More local than 3000 miles tbf
He started vs Madrid as his first game in a while, and was subbed off early. Unfortunately he's been plagued with injuries at Liverpool, so every time he's gotten going he gets injured one or two games later. He's shown really brilliant flashes of creativity, but his injury record has been poor. Klopp's publicly said he's going for stability right now over anything else, which could just be PR talk, but his lineups have been really consistent recently.
But I don't think he is better than both Gundogan and Pogba
This is the same club that booed Iker casillas we're talking about
Not sure if you want a yellow wall for teeth
Anyone else want to sign a petition I'm starting called "Arms: should all of them be amputated in order to make referees lives easier?"Stupid stupid fucking decision fuck me sideways
"I don't understand what xG can show so that means that no one does!"
I was just about to say how silky that was from Jorginho lol
I dont think so, I believe i made a mistake with that statement and I will admit that i was in the wrong deciding to support two teams that were doing well, i will take more consideration into choosing what team to support
https://youtu.be/-VwuwwKSEeYLittle citeh
Most teams attract fans when they play good. People whos dads started supported Liverpool in the 70/80s are equally plastic as the ones who have started now, its just that 45 years have gone since then
Rudis passing is lacking.
I think Milner comes on so TAA and Rob can push up more
And they say Der Klassiker isn't a real thing smh.
ole is doing the bare minimum which is enough for him to keep his job
They'd definitely be challenging for European spots.
I would guess people downvote it because it's there and they don't think anything of it because it's stickied so the downvotes don't matter.There's loads of people here who just downvote everything they see.
Not at all.RB Liverpool has a nice ring to it
Mendy is a tall boy
OFFSIDE THAT VAR YOU BIIIIIIIIIIIIITCHMOUNT
Why the hell Mourinho rattle whole Liverpool red side, in that infamous slip game?
Do you think Tammy Abraham has a future under Tuchel? Especially if Werner comes good and theyve got Giroud for backup / another option
Sky'd be doing a segment in mid February asking whether they're the greatest Premier League team of all time.
And pool fans shagged him as he is xavi or iniesta
He doesn't even have an U16s Tandridge League B winners medal. Smh, even I have one of those
All the results last night went our way. Perfect time to start making up ground. So naturally Im expecting disappointment.
I like your choice!
this cant be handball thank god
Firmino is actually wank, and has been for at least a season and a half. What good is having all that talent if it comes out for 6 minutes a season?
i can't imagine inter playing in red&white while calling themselves red bull milano
How many more times do they have to play the top 6 teams theyll count to their 0-0 tally
Liverpool fans ITT  Peter Parker"Mr. Stark I'm not feeling too good"
Hahahaha, big brain move
All the time? Give it a rest mateHe dives, but less than Kane, Grealish, Vardy and Rashford But theyre English
if that is the case, the rules need to be changed.
Came from firmino giving the ball away like an idiot
Not much. Klopp just has more pressure to do well when the injured players do return next season. Obviously means there won't be much transfer business from them but that's standard anyway.
Tbf he was always poor defensively
How did Liverpool cheat?
Well it was downvoted so your comment holds, but it was from your sub, after the game
Our fanbase has successfully ran the Prepare yourself PSG thing to the ground in 10 hours. Mes que un club
Grass = snitch
> I'm sorry but a 4-3-3 seems unreasonable, I think any DM in the world would struggle in a midfield three with such attack minded players as Pogba and Bruno. Let me take a step back first, I'm not stuck on the 4-3-3 necessarily. More that I think the Fred/Scotty pivot with Pogba LW and Rashford at RW is a good setup fro what we have, but that we can be a lot more balanced assuming we get in new players.To your lineup, which of these front 6's is more balanced to you?      Cavani                   Cavani    Pogba - Bruno - Rashford         Rashford - Bruno - New RW     New DM - Fred/Scotty             New DM - PogbaFor me, assuming we have a defensively good DM, that second one is more balanced and flexible. The front the can be more fluid that the first set of players, the midfield 3 is more flexible and also has a wider variety of skill sets, etc.> I love Rashford, but I feel like we're a more effective unit against low blocks with Pogba starting as our left winger. Would you really want Bruno or Pogba to have less influence on the game just for the sake of fielding some fan favourites I agree with you here in parts. There's no reason either setup has to be the one we use 100% of the time. Injuries are going to happen and there are going to be games where a specific setup is the best option. For example: against Burnley, I would rather use Pogba at LW to help break them down.Overall though, again any given team, I'd take the second setup from above because I think it's more flexible and balanced
Luke Shaw would.
Based on current formLenoShawGabrielPogbaSakaRashford
Cant remember the last time I was so pissed off at VAR
Arteta > Lampard > Ole this week
Van de Beek, Havertz, Werner and Ziyech have to be on the list
Would you stop supporting your club if the Arabs buy them or RB buy you out?
Definitely. So unnecessary as well
Thiago from champions league and treble winner to possibly not even in champions league next season and trophyless.
Different rules for attacking and defending situations.
He just asked where Pepe Reina is, he is an extreme casual
The worst thing is these morons get so many likes and RTs by equally moronic people. Most of the top replies are braindead. Staying away from Twitter is the best thing one can do.
I was lurking on this sub for a while and the shit flinging in the summer done by Manchester United users on here towards BuLi fans and especially Dortmund fans was a sight to behold.
Came to see this
I honestly think Tuchel's tactics will shine through in a month or two, once our defense is thoroughly drilled and organized. We should improve offensively
love the commitment
Absolutely disgustingly bad call. His arm was right against his side and the ball was blasted into him.  Fire every referee involved in this decision.
Firmino is the Portuguese version of Firm, some saint who was hustling in Europe in the 3rd century.
which is why top clubs and scouts around the world use it, of course
Different rules. An attacker can't touch it at all with his hand while they take distance and other factors into account if you're a defender.
Kante is defending the cross here and making his body far bigger than it should be by useing his arms though, thats the issue
Grealish confirmed to be a stats nonce.Anti stats brigade in shambles.
Johan Cruijff and Maradona had similar great mental strength like CR7 though. The only problem with Maradona was that he became a drug addict later on, but on the pitch he was a warrior. Cruijff played till he was 38 and had a remarkable ending to his career. Ajax didnt want to renew his contract for his final season and he got mad and later won Eredivisie title for their eternal rivals Feyenoord where they havent won the league for decade. Maradona won Napoli their only two scudetto for example and we saw how mentally strong he was in the WC. Pele was also known his determination, arrogance and the fact he wanted to be the best. Beckenbauer is another all time great thats known for having that mamba mentality.
4 CLAnd yes, Spanish players who also played for Barca and Real during that golden generation of Spanish football.
DAE BRIGHTON XG
Hes from Linz though. All softies
We actually haven't been playing as bad as people keep parroting in the comments based on results of games they don't actually properly watch.We've been dominating most our games and failing to score, if Benzema, Ramos, Valverde, Rodrygo who are all very, very, very important goal sources come back that's a huge boost, people are pushing their luck expecting us to keep missing all our chances while the opposition score from their half chances, that won't go on forever.
Real fans massively overrate benzema
When you have the 2nd most chances but 11th NPG, does that mean most of the chances are of low quality?
Kovacic is a cunt
But how does a fk inside the box benefit the attacker?
in the front page of the sub go to flairs
Oh look, another "*stats are stupid, REEE*" on this sub
Can't believe this bullshit is upvoted. If you cut off his arms he'd be lying on the floor bleeding to death.
What did Ziyech do wrong today?
He needs to unleash Cashman already.Managers who lower the bar/make excuses are the worst. Don't get why they do it, since I don't think anybody has ever wanted to hear it.
Referring to the English game and whether the player can adapt.
I'd like to see McNeil in a more attacking side. He always looks lively whenever he plays against us, but ends up being surrounded by about five of our players because there's no support.
Mane hilarious. Dives and when its not given gets back up and just fouls our player in revenge
And lock down for another 6 months yes please 
He chose to stay when we finished 9th anyway its good for him he wouldnt start for any better sides he can get away with doing nothing for months because arsenal fans like him. If he does that at Chelsea hes getting killed.
You never know which it'll be, they're both delusional
The word atrocious intrigues me. Using that adjective suggests that there are many many players that you find better than him in the PL - name 10 that play in a similar position that are better. .
as if most clubs supported here arent soulless corporate machines fleecing fans for their foreign owners' benefit.
Mate i agree but that assist was beautiful
How can these pundits not see that they're drawing the VAR line for Werner's goal from a place where if he scored using it, it'd be a handball. Absolutely comical from these buffoons.
Yes, or at least the best. Nobody ever has combined his longevity along with the best peak ever and the multitude of world class qualities he has which include being the greatest playmaker ever. Greatest, is separate. If he had won 3 more games in his career (WC and Copa America finals) then he would inarguably have the best career ever, maybe only matched by Pele
clearly it's a madrid win that favours you, there are more points of us dropping points if these injuries keep popping up instead of atleti
Klopp Out?
Haha same can be said for the team theyre facing
That Eden Hazard type finish!
No you wont. You will crap the bed as usual
Instantly two-foots Mane
Alright, just throw VAR in the bin at this point, its clearly not working
Chelsea have created nothing since Ziyech came off.
Mason fucking Mount, we're witnessing the birth of a Chelsea legend no doubt in my mind
He's not good at finishing or passing so you'd have a lot of possession with no end game so... Chelsea rn
There wasn't all this space against Utd
I'm guessing it's the same rule book that allowed Hudson Odoi's raised arm contacting the ball as not a handball, but this Lemina arm in the most natural of all positions in that instance is called a hand ball. You must share some traits with these idiots if you believe what you said.
Does it plenty. People don't post it on though.
Hahahahahha you deleted the comment hahahhaha twat
Oh that's fucking shit
Okey since people can't say if theyre on TV OR stream, I'll ask the people watching on TV! Which minute are you on?
Knowing how badly we are cursed, i wouldnt be surprised
Nonchalance is the right word shruggingasciiguy
That would make a brilliant plot for a movie
Kovacic got a red card for incessant fouling?
He has been in impressive form under Tuchel so far.
To date, Ronaldinho is the only player to have won the World Cup, Champions League, and Copa Libertadores. So, maybe Toni should consider a transfer to South America when his Real days are over?
Jorginho has been on Thiago all game like a rash
can't wait for this to end 0-0 like every other big 6 game this season
Those players regularly shouted at each other. Id be highly surprised if they hadnt told each other to fuck off multiple times
Them minus fernandes is where they were before January 2020
I respect this level of pettiness
Bangalore is a metropolis that doesn't really reflect the rest of Karnataka tbf
I feel like he's a bit of a two trick pony and when that trick doesn't work, he doesn't provide much else except for his tracking back(which isn't really something of note)
thats fucking criminal
Might be our goal of the season
Think he meant more like this.
If Barca wins a trophy in the state they are in and we dont, then were officially finished, were a has been club. Perez and Zidane should both leave if that happens.
Am I wrong?
Not Supergarlicbread but the response has been weird. Many people acting like its normal and saying that anyone who disagrees has never played football (even though theyve mainly played at most at a semi-pro level which is a very different setup to this)While its true footballers swear, fight and moan at their teammates all the time, responding like that to *your captain* like that doesnt. The captain represents the manager on the pitch, you wouldnt tell your manager to shut the fuck up and you shouldnt tell your captain to. If the captain says to work harder you work harder.What would Roy Keane have done if Rashford told him to shut the fuck up in response to being told to work harder?
theyre all supporting city now
I'd expect Werner to fit in, I don't see both Havertz and Ziyech managing. Think that if you want a balanced squad then one of them needs to go.
VAR working its magic again lmao
He shouldn't have been there, trent left him isolated
Putting far too much faith in a player whos played barely any games for you and is notoriously streaky
Unironically this is probably a Brit insult
Not much to do with that ball Rudi.
Ah VAR saving us r/soccer shitposters
This is so obviously absolute bollocks. Fully deserved a goal there. The rule needs changing. How can the ref not make a judgement call in moments like this?
Feeling very SADio MANe.
Alternatively you could just watch Leeds.
I really dislike Tyler's energy. Smug.
Liverpool still need two more points to surpass Leicester's total of 44 in 16-17, the lowest total points for defending champions.
No, it WAS a gray area. Hence people asking for change. Just because the change to "clear language" was crap doesn't mean the people asking for change were wrong.
Banter typically is a bit juvenile.
Ffs meant to say Thuram
Absolute joke
Shame he's working with such an awful squad. Surprised other top clubs didn't go for him.
Tiago affecting Salah with his idea balls. Wtf was that Salah just shoot
Yeah Ibrahimovic being a perfect example.
It makes you sound like youre afraid of being perceived as gay, which is homophobic. As if being gay or being perceived as gay is something to be ashamed about or afraid of.
Whats the deal with this "11 vs 11" quote that was in the post match thread and match thread for that game?
Torres is back
I guess so, two people isn't every redditor browsing through r
Not a pen but can see VAR giving it on another day
Luke Thomas will play for England at some point.
that wasn't even a shot lmao
Nah, not even close to Bangalore level, but we have a huge population so both cricket and football get quite a high number of enthusiasts than most places. Also the popularity is increasing imo.
So what the fuck even are the handball rules now....feel like it's totally arbitrary. One day that's given, the next it isn't, the next it is, the next it isn't...
Salah mane and van dijk should have played for a bigger team what a waste
Naruto running only
This is why they think Haaland wont go to Chelsea.
HAHAHAHA WERNER
It's football, not handball. You don't need arms, duh. /s
I bet Klopp read our website today
It is, it's just that they've decided to judge that by the edge of the sleeve
Not in a while. I think he was solid at Ingolstadt if I remember, but not great at Wolfsburg
Liverpool are so amateur in the final 3rd
Mounts positive run at Fabinho there was so good. Fabinho let him go inside, thats inexplicable, and mount punished, great goal
Expectations differ. Kaiserslautern and Real Madrid don't have the same ambitions, nor do the fans. Kaiserslautern finishing 5th would be an achievement, Real Madrid finishing 5th would be an embarrassment. Are you that thick to be unable to understand that expectations vary?>Because it's not hard to be loyalThere are millions of big club fans who switch clubs every 2 seasons because the success is not enough, so evidently it is a bit hard.
Yes, I love pain.
i care cause these owners are scum and so is the Redbull CEO
We play like shit every week and were top 4 having just won at anfield lol
Thats why comparing it to a casino is a pretty turd comparisonWell, not comparing, but you get what I mean
Read the rule again. It didn't hit Havertz hand, fall to another player and they scored. It was cleared by a defender, taken a shot that didn't score from another player, and then that rebound fell to another player which was a goal. Therefore, it is different from this current one because after the deflection off the arm it directly fell to another player who scored. Does that mean I agree with it? F\*\*\* no. But them's the rules. And after seeing this one, the rule needs to be changed for next season.
they're honestly the worst
He should have ejected his arm, he can reattach it later.
Cricket is good. DRS at least follows a nice, clean set of rules. And has umpire's call, which is neat.
The main issue with South American teams recently has been its coaching, imo. They just aren't to snuff, and tend to really shit the bed even with all the talent in the world
Ref placed a large bet on Newcastle staying up this season
English refereeing is gonna destroy the premier league. English refereeing is by far the worst in the world.
Yeah, dismissed racism
mane mate
You have no one decent to drop him for.
There's like at most 3 players itw who are capable of playing the role these guys are envisioning. It's just not a realistic task. Like finding the midfield van Dijk..
Klopp complaining lol
Plenty of nazis came here too. Josef Mengele death was in a beach near So Paulo for instance, altough he did live in Argentina prior to that, though.
If we sacked Arteta we could have been in a UCL final...
Werner deserves if you can say that in football a goal imo
What is VAR even, I can't follow anymore
Centre backs are certainly good enough to challenge. Your entire team doesn't have to be World Class.
It could have done, hard to tell with the angles and lack of goal line technology at the time. Either way though, it should have counted 100%
Yeah, just have regular fixtures now and play these games between the international friendlies which usually happen before tournaments and the international tournaments. Keeps the bubble going longer, you have more time to deal with inevitable covid cases which occur when the international teams meet and you probably get better standard of football at the international tournament as teams are more familiar with tactics and their squads.
Probably not but he isn't exactly frugal when it comes to players. Why cheap out on a manager, when arguably they're just as if not more important than the players.
What about Mane? He's killed at least as many attacks these last few games, tbh I think he's looked worse than Firmino in the last few games.
Yes they changed it so that the handball had to directly lead to a goal or goal-scoring opportunity, as opposed to the previous rule which meant that a goal could be called off for something that happened minutes before. Doesn't affect the Fulham decision at all.
Absolute robbery
Jose Mourinho.
You have a squad that is considerably worse than Citys, and you are considerably behind City. I dont know what the big deal is here
Rather draw than lose
You're being biased towards the manager, not the team.
He always was our best asset when it comes to cycling the ball around, Lampard just was unable to utilize him well.He looks very good in pivot, but never looked okay as lone DM which Frank insisted on a lot.
You do know Ronaldo didn't look like a model/great commercial entity when United bought him?
They came up with the rule because countless fans of the sport complained any time a player scored with his hand, no matter how accidental it was.Not just clueless fans either, Clattenburg talked about how he should've disallowed the goal Sancez scored with his hand for us when yhe ball rebounded off the keeper 2 yards away from him into his hand. The idiots who complained about accidental handballs leading to goals are to blame for this absolute nonsense.
christiansen has played the best of his career of late
I do I an individual who was never going to get to go a World Cup anyway, boycott it?
Yeah look, that guy wanting England to lose a once every 4 years tournament they have a chance of doing well in just to get rid of Southgate is talking nonsense. But there are other cases where they kind of thing is justified.
Happy for timo. Ziyech almost fucked it up. Again.
it was 3-3 wasn't it
Both fullbacks are making life really hard for the central defenders and the keeper.
Money Mason Mount - "Football's son"
What position does Ferdi play in?
Never knew 4th was *bad*.
They had a decent start to the half through TAA on the rw, but they look so fragile that they could concede any second via the one break chelsea get. Deffo don't look like the better side.
Compare that one to the non-handball in Liverpool vs Chelsea just now. How abysmal poor and inconsistent are the VAR refs.
Fat wages for a club thats living over its means as well. Milan is gonna look a bit daft if they loose him.
hes a smug arrogant whiny cuntincredible balance
Such an amazing shirt tho, I am in the same dilemma right now, still wearing my 05 shirt, thinking about buying this one or next season.
If theres anything im not, its a plastic. Unlike most on here, I live and was born in Liverpool. A real fan some would say.
You're a bit odd aren't you mate
well people who claim xG is useless didn't buy the likes of Havertz, Pepe and Kepa for 70m+ so who's really dumb here huh?
I can imagine Liverpool fans finding that more than amusing.
Clearly havent watched the whole game
Thats pretty dumb, I thought the City flair was because he was rooting against Chelsea for this weekend and in the finalWho knew he took the Nasri/Clichy route
I always thought kroos was one of those classy quiet midfield players like scholes but this dude talks so much shit on Twitter lmao. I still remember the mask thing with auba
Fantastic reference, although Moe Greene probably did regret saying this
The point is that they spend extreme amounts of money on their team. I just feel that levelling the playing field in football would be a great thing. Because unfortunately the game now is all about whoever has the most money will likely win.Also, we tend to award the most successful teams with the biggest amount of money constantly, keeping this vicious cycle going.
Wernerrr...
Yeah people reading too much into some non story like always.
perfection
Have Liverpool ever had a positive goal difference when tiagos been on the pitch?
Bit overboard but fair enough
He is competing with Firminho
Salah to real?
What's Thiago's xThumbsUp tonight?
No sense in talking about this, to some Zidane is just a saint who cant do anything wrong.
Eager beaver? The fuck?
Im having trouble finding names but arent there anyone better than Valverde and Paredes?Maybe Fabinho, Allan, Rodrigo de paul, James?,
Not at all, lmao. He's carried our offence these last two seasons and is doing it for a third. Absolutely no signs of slowing down. Obviously he won't keep up this level forever, but he's 33 rn, I can easily see him playing for us for 2 more years. Besides, Jovic exists, for whatever that is worth.
Why would that be better?
Have to tell you, watching Arsenal ponderously pass it from wing to wing through their centerbacks is certainly entertaining
Has anything particular happened lately or why are arsenal fans becoming more and more delusional
VAR refs clearly bet on 1 goal max per game
A high scoring 0-0
Champions League is a very prestigious cup, but its importance is overrated. The fact that Modric only has 2 league title with us is very sad. We have let him down.
Lad Im telling you why they shit on other leagues. Whats the point of a league if the winners already decided.
I actually forgot Henderson was injured. Fuck.
Im not especially knowledgeable or anything, but I think you can start by breaking down the different phases of the game -- attack, defense and transition -- and observing how they flow into each other. Formations like 4-3-3 describe how a team sets up in defense, but the nuances and variations come from how that setup transitions to attack when they win the ball, and what it evolves into as the attack builds up.And while formations certainly are simplistic, I think they're a good starting point to at least keep track of the players when you're watching them. There was a famous man city fan on this sub many years ago that wrote a great post about how to observe tactics while watching a game, I hope someone else can link to it. It was a really detailed write-up, but I especially liked that it warned against thinking too much about tactics during a match you're invested in, because it interferes with the pure entertainment of the game. Instead it recommended rewatching games later for analysis.
Good one, GKs, Swiss, Long hair with band
Fucken pathetic.
Bore off baldy.
Robertson please stop shooting and pass to someone who can hit the target at least.
Penalty that.Chelsea cunts can now stop crying about that offside
I regret replying to you
Probably are
You just need to apply common sense in this situation, but that's obviously too hard for these refs. VAR is only good for offside situations and even those are 50-50 correct decisions most of the time.
sub Jota on already.
Does his chances of winning drastic go down?
I hated it when it happened to Liverpool, and I hate it now. Thats a goal. What possible benefit does he get there?
"That's not nice" was underselling it a bit from the commentary. That's at least mildly disgraceful
Just only have a torso
Managers being allowed to take throw ins
Yeah the comments are stressing me out cause my matchday anxiety is telling me well bottle it sometime
I like Fabrizio. People give too much importance on who reports first or not.Fabrizio is the guy u should follow to know about almost every transfer in the top 5 leagues.
Just get Pep-Klopp, reckon it'd be nice
always is
In French enculs means fucked in the assIts very close to the Spanish pronunciation of Cule. Which makes it interesting when barca fans call themselves with this.
Kroos has more trophies than Keita has good games for us
Because Valverde is a somewhat common name
Kenny with the massive gloves haha
Yeah I agree, overall position is more important than point tally when comparing across seasons.Shows a team's relative strength to the competition that year much better. Even during a single season teams are competing trying to get the best league position, points tally is just a secondary metric by default.
> I'm well aware if that but how could I be sleep at night taking away a goal for this. Why would you sleep poorly? The rules say that attackers cannot use their hands immediately prior to a goal. That's what happened.If a team goes down because they broke a rule that is in place then ... they go down. Another team would be going down instead of them because I chose to ignore a literal law of the game. That is unfair...
what an odd choice, take the player off thats been trying
Yeah one bad period and pricks like you throw out reactionary statements like this
Ayyy, thanks man. Have a good day
Defender shots ball straight at an attacker arm's: foul Bloody hell, what a terrible call
Too much revisionism, recency bias and reactionary takes on *that* thread on the front page 
very convincing LOL "had plenty of dominant performances" "just let down by mistakes and bad finishing"goes on to question a manager after being in the job for a fucking monthhot-takes on this sub are nothing short of embarassing
22 is well over the age of a grown man. Hes not a little boy.
Werner?
Salah frustrated, not surprised. Klopps decision making recently tonight has been strange, high line against quick attackers and bringing off your deadly striker? Strange
It somehow feels like yesterday yet so long ago at the same time. I think it's because almost all of it feels recent except the fans, the roaring crowd makes this decisively different from now.
One of the most disgraceful desicions ever lol
Yes, among other things. And no, it's not a huge issue. Just pointing out how it could be better.
Here we go hahahahaha
Why would anyone make fun of a team for winning a domestic cup? Surely better than not winning it.
Thats never a handball lmfao
Such a boring troll
I'd trust Brighton to score a goal more than this Liverpool team
Well know it was a handball and a pen just like we all know Werner was onside. Stop trying to justify the mental gymnastics in the clusterfuck of prem rules.
Well I'm sure we'd "want" to buy Lewa, I also "want" to buy the Eiffel Tower
LenoShawGabrielPogbaSakaRashford Ole
You made up like 10 words there didn't you?
'Arry says otherwise.
Kante the deep lying playmaker.
Wouldnt it be Argentina? Supposedly where all the Nazis went after WWII.
Fab shouldve done more to show him on the outside as well, didnt get anywhere near tight enough.
Christensen has been so beastly Thiago Silva will have to fight for that spot again.
Thats definitely a factor, the lack of fans has made it so sterile, too. I watched a video of a fairly forgettable goal the last day, but the fact there was fans there celebrating it gave me goosebumps. Its just not the same without them.
Jesus Christ Timo cannot catch a break
Excellent goal. Made something from nothing there. Woeful defence.
That First touch though...
Absolutely insane. Theyre trying to make every result feel meaningless.
I once got jumped by a bunch of Sporting Ultras
Giroud is 34. He won't be around forever. Or..... Will he ??
Your ability to miss the point is nothing short of embarrassing. My point is there hasn't been much change yet but some people are acting like this current Chelsea is a whole new beast and acting like Lampard didn't have good performances too.
firmino is atrocius
It was just a joke
What's bb8
Because that's actually how you pronounce it.
Thats absolutely ridiculous surely if that wouldnt be given as a pen or a foul it cant overrule a goal? No one would ever give that as a foul.
Good lord, Ziyech sure does play some shite balls.
Fully deserved what a goal
Bullshit. Fulham deserved that goal we couldnt get it out of our own half for the last 15 minutes
Think youve got my confused for someone else fella
It's not the refereeing, it's the broken law. The ref applied the law as it exists, it's just that the law is fucking shit. Needs to change.
that's probably not needed
> Coaching is just the latest buzzword football fans like to throw about that doesnt actually mean anything.
A Milner-Wijnaldum-Ox midfield when we need a goal is hilariously pathetic.
Gallardo has been a complete failure in the league and stopped winning the Libertadores as soon as washed up third rate European managers started competing in it but a bunch of weirdos on who have never watched a single match of South American football are hoping their club gets him for some reason? Jorge Jesus looked like the greatest manager on earth when he was in South America too and he's currently losing the league to the Portuguese Tottenham.
Werner was always just a goalscorer though I think hell be fairly good at that the issue is if hes good enough to become a title winning striker which is your long term aim which I doubt. Ziyech has nice underlying stats so he could come good but he gets injured a lot and Im not sure that Tuchel likes him. Hes also 28 now you would expect immediate impact.
Is Sir Alex Ferguson an Aberdeen legend?
Firminho is Brazilian but Brazilian is not a language. Similarly Indian is not a language. The people of Brazil speak Portuguese ( which is a language).
You won't be
Mount has took a huge leap forward this season and its obvious he has potential to go much further
.......
He's supposed to cut it off ffs, r/soccer spurs bias is clear
Chelsea look disconnected and Liverpool look as if they're playing with 10 men
The disrespect to Neuer smh my head.
Brighton are in a relegation battle and youre 2nd, most fans wont look beyond that. To a certain point fans will always value results over performances, even if you play like shit so long as Bruno or Rashford manages a moment of magic you can clinch a result. It doesnt really seem to matter to most your fans how you actually play
I bet he gets good top too
Didn't you win though? Admittedly I don't know how bad Claypole are.
https://twitter.com/lufcscott/status/1367240350440558594?s=21Fun fact for a Thursday afternoon.
what a goal that would have been
I seriously hope youre kidding because some people are so stupid I cant tell
Some of these Pulisic jokes are hilarious lmao. "far right winger"
Our sub has been heavily critical of Solskjaer since we drew last night so unless he's going back a few days to mine for comments then I doubt it's from ours.
Kante is good against team like liverpool. Not those that like to sit back.
Chelsea has a history of racist supporters. There's always that.
Lol huh?
Mount or Azpilicueta
Is it not his job after 2 years and 2 summer windows to do something about this?
Stranger things have happened, I met an Indian Shrewsbury fan last year lmao
Ah fuck that's so much better
So that we have a competitive squad and arent reliant on 3 players 22 and under
the reason i brought it up is because it's an example of the "exception" to "if attacking and it touches your hand before you score, it's handball." and that example contradicts the comment i replied to.> it is not a handball offence if after an accidental handball the ball travels some distance via a pass or a dribble, or there are several passes before the goal or goalscoring opportunitythis is *an exception*also a vague one... "some distance"
Ferdi KadoluI wouldve said mer Faruk Beyaz but he left on a free after spending years in our academy. Just like Merih Demiral...I always loan Skipp whenever I need a ball winning or box to box midfielder on FM
Mendy looks like Adrian with the ball at his feet
I think he's too close to give a pen, but really tight call. Could go either way
He gets so much hate in his replies
Advert came on Sky for it
The only thing consistent about him is inconsistency
don't know why this is getting downvoted. might have to do with the demographics of the sub
Yeah true, it's just funny seeing journalists argue with a fan account over a player who doesn't even play for us any more
Not from Nottingham but thats where I currently live :) also lived in Norfolk and near Watford before!
Luke Shaw has more key passes than Cancelo this season. And if youre picking Walker then you have to look at AWB. AWB has the most tackles out of any player this season. I think Pogba vs Gundogan is an interesting discussion as well, but on form its Gundogan.
Can't wait for his "How to get a Range Rover out of a car park" lesson
Leno is better than Alisson this season
Pretty much
I think there's use to seeing what Chelsea looks like without Mount. He's undroppable now but what if he gets injured?
I heard Klopp fights dirty and Tuchel is a bleeder.
Lampard did a good job, just think he had an idea of how Chelsea should play, but when players weren't performing in those roles he failed to adapt. He had a good start to the year, unfortunately sort of fell off a cliff at the end
>These players were raised by the clubsThey were trained and that's it. Every year these clubs discard hundreds of young players. Players dont owe anything to clubs because if they are not good enough or are going through a bad period then the club won't think twice about binning them.
Hes a constant threat, though. You dont need to be an expert to how much quality he has.
Bit of composure and Chelsea can do something here
Hall of shame performance from Thiago
Alisson got saved there
I mean your midfield can still control teams. your defense is excellent. your attack is toothless but then you can happily depend on a Kroos banger, a Modric banger or a Casemiro header all out of nowhere.But Zidane has some flaws. What I was referring to was more thay people don't want to acknowledge and sometimes treat him like nothing short of a demigod
oh wait are you serious? I can't tell but okay let's just forget the 60s and 80s of Everton's history no problemo.. Not to mention dixie dean 
feel like he aged 5 years over the last 3 years
r/FIFA
Fingernail clippers for footballers is my new business idea.
I had a proper brain fart there, lol
How should season-to-season actually be compared? Should it be by point tally or league position? Personally, I am more drawn towards the league position being the compared value. Id still argue a 10th is better than a 14th, even if the 14th placed season had us with a higher point tally.
I know we wouldnt have all these new players with the Hazard money, but I cant help but think about how good his link-up play would have been with everyone.
Upvoted, followed and shared
De GeaTierneyGabrielPogbaSakaAubameyang
Ah yes, it's definitely not because of shit performances, bad management, bad transfers and poor squad-planning, none of those things.
Theyll equalize later dont worry lol
Dear boy, read my comment fully before you contradict. I didn't say a footballer should act like a saint. Footballer should act like a professional who would respect opponents that would respect him unless he is provoked. Lampard never attacked Bielsa or Klopp at first. It was Bielsa who first disrespected Lampard by spying on him. He attacked Klopp only after Klopp's assistant provoked him first from the sideline. See, Lampard didn't start it. He fell out with Fabregas but he only reacted after Fabregas attacked him. Lampard never made digs. So, you are wrong. Frank never behaved unprofessionally.Why Mount attacked Kross? Did Kross insult him? No. You said he was dismissive about Chelsea when in reality he is a player known for his composure. He said he wouldn't have given a damn it Higuain scored from his mistake in 2014 final because it is his ideology to not take things so personally that he can't sleep at night. Here a newbie taking on a cl veteran with 4 medals.
Breaking news: players want to win a game of football
I liked going into every match hopeful of a win. Being one of the teams just making up the numbers in the PL is dull.
No they tweaked it incredibly slightly:> gains possession/control of the ball after it has touched their hand/arm and then:> * scores in the opponents goal > * creates a goal-scoring opportunityto:> after the ball has touched their or a team-mates hand/arm, even if accidental, **immediately**:> *  scores in the opponents goal> *  creates a goal-scoring opportunitymostly the addition of that word "immediately"had he taken a couple of touches and passed it to someone else who dribbled a bit before banging it in, then under the 19/20 laws it'd be ruled out, but it stands in 20/21.
Trent looks like the dude from Yakuza: Like a Dragon
No, Klopp and Farke last season
who do you suggest
One of the most famous Russian commentators Yuri Rozanov passed yesterday. Very sad day for Russian football, he was probably the only commentator adored by everyone. He was only 59 and has been fighting cancer for a couple of years. May he RIP
How did I know you'd conveniently ignore the rest of my comment
This Spurs side is one of the most bipolar teams I've ever seen. So many games where you can see the mentality flip in real time. Dominant and strong in the first half only to completely melt in the second half and desperately hang on for dear lives.
Accurate because theyre also losing 4:2.
Horrible rule. Correct decision based on the horrible rule though.
I had a dream United signed Tammy Abraham to replace Martial. Except in the dream we still called him Martial but it was Abrahams face so I think my brain just didnt take it the extra step but it was still weird. But I also woke up and felt that it wasnt completely out of the realm of possibility, and that left with me with a bleak feeling in my tummy.
A little general here, but any ideas on how to fix Bayerns defence?
Mate if those cunts win the league in our stadium I'll end up in actual court no worries
I don't know about worst but it sure was funny as hell.
Probably worse but people like him for his effort
Definitely Niklas Stark. Very level-headed and friendly guy. Clever too (debatable on the pitch).
They are fucking ruining football. How did we get to this point? Who thought that rule would be a good idea.
This sub is so fucking dumb jesus christ
I might as well watch a different sport. Whats the point anymore?
Oh is there a distance traveled clause in the rule? Fucking morons
You making up things dude. I careless about how closer it is there than anywhere, not everything has to be a competition, there are seasons where it's closer in other leagues, hell the French league 1-4 is damn close than the EPL has been in the last 5 years, but who cares..... Every league is unique and not everything has to be a competition
when did I say it's a competition of injuries? Liverpool have 10 times the players United does and no one bar Bruno will make it in a United squad.Chelsea's behind because like United, they were coached by a mediocre manager/club legend. Now that they've got a competent manager, they'll take over you soon.
Frustrating to watch for sure, even worse that when we do eventually get in the box, it's a terrible touch from someone. Salah is so isolated out wide and Bobby is too deep to threaten centrally.
Oh come on...
Aah observations
It really is a joke isn't it.
mane hahahahahahahahahahaha
Benfica 3-1 Fenerbache EL semi final 2nd leg
He's a good option to have. He plays fairly differently to Lukaku and Lautaro which is a nice change. He seems to be being managed in a way that he isn't run into the ground any more. He's good when called upon but it's unlikely he'd be a starter
Something I didn't think about until the other day is how there's young players who haven't played a senior game in front of a proper crowd yet.A commentator mentioned during the Leicester v Slavia Prague game that Luke Thomas hasn't (apart from just 1,000 in the reverse fixture) and it made me think there must be quite a few like that. It'll be like making their debut all over again when the grounds are full.
understandable of you to delete it since we had that whole day here where the daily discussion was spammed fully with plastic talk and plastic trolling. was funny for a few hours but then got pretty annoying.
God sanchez is even worse than dier
Mane and Firmino killing our attack. Our defense is shit and we cant afford to be wasteful.
Exactly. Mount is the guilty one. Kross didn't insult any individual player of Chelsea. He has faced the greatest footballers in matches yet he never lost his nerve. This is his own ideology that he applies to all opposition not only to Chelsea. Kross is a champions league god. Mount shouldn't have said that. He reminds me of Andy Robertson from last year's Atletico game. Idiotic, arrogant and childish. It is just a game. Why so serious.
That's exactly why I hate the rule, it punishes the consequence rather than the action. Two players doing the exact same action can lead to different decisions by the ref.You can even acknowledge that the player did absolutely nothing wrong, but still they get penalised.
not a penalty, at least they didn't fuck that up
Mase!!!
never thought Mount would get this good when i saw him at Vitesse. but tbf i would be a shit scout anyway
Or won at Anfield :
Van Dijk has been invisible all season, even Zouma is better than him
Lockdown has severely lowered the quality of football that I'm willing to watch
Why are the likes of Pallotta and Friedkin any better?Private ownership is all the same. Nobody gets to have the high moral ground.
Yeah, but they can't finish for shit though.
Maybe Lampard knew something about this kid that reddit geniuses missed?
Pep and Klopp duo would be great.
It depends on the role a player plays right ? You cannot possibly compare a fullback with an attacking mid .I mean its like asking what is better a bucket or a toothbrush.Debunking with stats only works with players with similar roles or position.
Still only a one goal margin though. I get what you mean but we haven't battered a team since November.
You're talking mad shit for somebody in car-bombing distance (but honestly, anyway who wears a flag as an armband can do one)
They spend too much tho, simple as that. Ffs they have the same revenue as Wolfsburg despite paying almost as much as Leverkusen. You could have the best scouting in the world, if youre not spending in a sustainable way and relying on your parent company, youre still not succeeding on merit.
They are catchy indeed, but in the context of a big football rivalry game between two clubs that want to get at each others' throats while singing some poppy Mariah Carey tune, this one is just so weird
I like milk toast better tbf.
God not giving MOTM to Mount is absurd.
What is this green dot next to my username?
What was the context?
you don't even know how to read
Has the Bayern rabid horde always been a thing here or are they mostly plastics who showed up after the treble win?
Really?
Yeah mate, Fulham legend Luciano Vietto.
English people being criticized for using country specific slang with non-English people is completely justified, because how the fuck will that person understand you if you use said slang. Also, it's not my fault you lot only speak 1 language and we speak so that the lowest common denominator understands us.
Twatkinson, fantastic.
Hes so lanky
The fuck
I am too talking about that, they aren't playing that well, yesterday too all I could do was laugh when I see them substitute the player who got the closest to scoring, arteta's tactics is the most confused gambling I have seen.
Apparently footballers on the bench getting blankets when it's cold is a sign that the game's gone.
Great answer, thanks
>the core remains the same, it doesn't set you 2 years back, saying that is daft.From Jose to ole our core completely changed, so it's not a stretch to think it would happen again>it's a plain fact the only reason you're in second is because those two sides are ravaged by injuries.There's a difference between fact and your opinion
I 100% wanted France to win because of Zidane. Only person I liked in that Italy team is Pirlo.I remember when the final started I said Zidane will lift that trophy, and my mom said don't jinx it lmao.
Oof. Happened to us too, no? First game against Everton
In before he claims he's 1/5 Brazilian and manages to make a case to play for the Brazilian national team for Copa America this summer.
Because United fans who believed they would win the league are so much better
lol millimeters or not he wasn't offside enough to make a difference. bs call
Jordan Pickford really fucked Liverpool whole season up huh yikes
how the tables turn! plastic hunter has become the plastic
Mate, it isn't even a proper dig. If you consider this to be "salty", you'd be offended by the rattled by the mildest of statements. > Take the L famYou really should take your own advice.
>Give us Haaland and we will support gae ppl Respect the hustle ngl
If anyone's up to discuss the game on WhatsApp as a Chelsea fan, please join us here :
He meant Milwaukee in India
except for black panther celebrations. don't know what his deal was
This Comment has Respect, encouragement and Banter...Perfectly Balanced..
Hopefully you get Europe and get some steam, you certainly have the status and fanbase for it.
English Lampard
For the club it is bad but I am looking at it from the perspective of players. Instead of making it difficult, we should be making it easier for movement of players. At the end of the day those players are people as well. If in other professions there is freedom of movement, it should be the same in football as well.
I know everyone says it, but how the fuck did Crouch bag Abby
Yeah but old people always romanticize the past.
Thats football. There always risks. That makes the game more special. But once again a good sporting management could help a lot. Just look at ajax or bayern
The stat nonce percentage interview was so good lol
Name some midtable players who absolutely deserve to play for a top team
Add in Pep Guardiola to pep it up with some (not too much, God beware Roy) fiery spanish flair.
he's been injured so I would venture to say he's the answer and when he is healthy they will start to look good again.
I can see him take back the Juventus job if Juve do poorly in the CL.
It had more to do with Valverde's setup and instructions.When the team went out against Roma in the second leg, we started a 442 with fucking Iniesta and Roberto as wide midfielders, and Busquets and Rakitic at pivot.Basically 0 pace in the squad, either to transition in attack or to get back defensively.We got out-muscled, couldn't handle their press, all because we started an extremely slow and conservative lineup when getting 1 more goal would've sealed the tie.Against Liverpool it was more of the same. Rakitic-Busi-Vidal was the slowest midfield of all time, and Coutinho was having a shit year at leftwing, yet we went with the same thing.And yet again, we went in to protect the lead rather than to actually play good football. The setup was weak and cowardly.Koeman may not be much of a tactician but he realizes the need for us to counterpress and have pace in the team.
Hopefully United fans won't turn their noses up at signing players over the age of 28 now because Falcao and Sanchez didn't work out.
I just don't like Allegri. Would be mint if we could somehow get Nagelsmann
Taking Salah off instead of Mane or firmino is a bad decision.
Watching werner as a chelsea fan must be like watching martial as a united fan
It's a fair bit closer in the Premier League compared with the other leagues. There's 14 points between 2nd and 10th in the PL. Compared with 23 in LaLiga, 18 in Bundesliga, 22 in Ligue 1 and 22 in Serie A
FWIW: Kroos played his first final at age 22. Mount is 22. Oh, and Chelsea very much enjoyed his first final, too.
We lost 2-1 against Newton Aycliffe a few years back in a game where we absolutely battered them. They managed to sneak a goal in the first few minutes, then we proceeded to dominate the game. The ball barely left their half of the pitch, but we just couldn't score a second. Last few minutes they hit us on the counter and score. One of those games where 99 times out of 100 it'd finish 6-1 to us.
And theyve played great games without him.
Neither.
Robbery. VAR at its absolute worst, whats the point.
Salah fuming lol
Because it's the exact same person who wrote it
Martin Tyler sounding excited as always
Apparently he was caught liking something that was somehow kinda pro-trump or pro-republican on Twitter or something so now he's apparently a fascist or something like that
But it does. The most reliable predictor of a teams success is how much money they spend on wages. Smaller teams can not retain their best players and can never catch up the other teams because of how the revenue is distributed.
A 3atb is best against 3atb
At the very least for athletic reasons it's better to stay warm
Christensen showed some real pace on the cover there. Didn't look like Mane could overtake him at all.
His agent should have warned him that he was signing up for a first class ticket on the Titanic.
Yeah they definitely can't keep making the correct decisions forever, sadly enough.
perfect analogy
average/mediocre/bad players who performs well in big games? We have one and that is Vecino. He's a box-to-box mid who has scored 11 goals for us and I remember all of them because they're all clutch. If I'm not mistaken, all 10 of them were against top 4 clubs (including a late winner vs Lazio that secured our first CL qualification in 7 years) that one goal was against Verona but it was a late equalizer that helped the comeback win. Outside of the big game he's just a headless chicken running around, being everywhere yet nowhere at the same time
Not good crosses but great passing and important to how Werner and Mount were playing with give and goes.
Because he betrayed the team/Mou and leaked the squad to the media and demanded to start when Lopez was better than him and split the dressing room. He's still universally loved but was booed for the moment
It's not sincere, it's clearly a thinly veiled dig.
I hate that. A worse version of the current one imo.
that's the good shit I miss
Yeah not been very good at all
>nonchalantness
For once the rule is clear hereIf an **attacking** player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another **attacking** player and they immediately score, this is a **handball** offence.
> accidentally ah yes, he accidentally had his arm at the side of his body and accidentally held his "natural arm position" when the accidental ball was accidentally kicked towards him and accidentally made contact, in a sheer and utter accidentit was an accident that he has arms
Do you have any Mandela effects with football? I used to be convinced Cavani played for Atletico Madrid.
Yeah well Pique has Shakira. Thats hard to top.
1-1 drawSon 12'Parker 86'
Shaqiri and Jota for Firmino and Mane at HT.
I used to go to one specific bar in Liverpool before nights out would really kick off as a student, and there were a bunch of Spanish people we befriended, and through them found an entire community of Spaniards in Liverpool I had no idea existed, and about 90% of them seemed to be Atletico fans. One of them was "friends" with De Gea who would...turn up at her house at 2am occasionally. They were great.
You see, it's 100% attack or 100% defence
After a clearance off the line from Lamela hits him in the face?
In lieu of his political views coming to light I say we change Pulisic's nickname to "Red Skull"Other options include: Baron Zemo, Crossbones, Captain Fascist
But it is normal, happens all the time and it probably has happened in Liverpool's locker at some point. And Rashford is a team leader
Yeah, I think we are the second best after Brazil. We have our best midfield in eons, slowly having a good defense, Emi Martinez blossoming and very good strikers in Lautaro, Icardi and Nico Gonzalez.
Both DC and RCB haven't ever won it, it's the MI and CSK fans you gotta look towards
Which is exactly why we'll win lmao, we get bipolar in the derby
That wasn't even offside though. Even by miniscule standards.
Saliba is doing really well at Nice- if he isn't the main RCB for next season I would be surprised. You will not find a better CB all things considered for 30m in the Summer.
To be fair to them, whichever club wins the champions league receives huge amounts of plastic fans
How is the handball in the Chelsea game (arm in the air) not given yet in this Fulham game its given, even though his arm is in the most natural position possible!? Make it make sense Robbie
Shit take. Tschss.
I think you're vastly underestimating Kroos' language skills. You don't need to be a hardcore brit to use sarcasm.
My bad, typo
Stop watching. He'll get good then.
Mount and Kai took the piss out of you. Still crying from 2012?
How the fuck have we used two subs and not taken Mane or Firmino off.
I think it's a penalty by the book
Reece James is such a bully , I love that
Tuchel and Pep. Rotation partners.
Who would win?18/19 Wolves or 20/21 Aston Villa
Are you saying we made fun of Arsenal fans after they won the cup, while we wanted to win it as well..?
r/fuckRobertson sorry just checking
I doubt the players he bought were Bruces picks, to be fair.
As were not great lately if you havent noticed
I feel every match is further proof of the refs incompetence. This isnt a VAR thing its a ref thing. You cant blame the tool when the ones using it are completely useless
Serial loser more like. How many times has gone with 0 trophies in a season with Madrid? Too many.
Everton are one of the great sides.
~~Twitter~~ DD is 90% someone imagining a guy, tricking themselves into believing that guy exists and then getting mad about it
Werner being a rollercoaster. Making amazing plays at one second, make horrendous ones at another
He really shouldve just stuck to his gut and came out like he was going to instead of stopping for a second
The search box does though
F for kroos
Nah its extremely stupid Just like how you all call people lamps and other house hold objects, just cringe lmao
kennyyy
He makes easy saves look hard as well
most the united fans in other threads make an absolute show of themselves, cant really blame others for doing the same with some hot takes.
And here I was thinking Lewis Dunk was a decent player. Decent enough for a top half PL team at least.
Lmao you sound like an arrogant twat here mate
How are professional referees this incompetent? It doesnt make any sense that they can be THIS bad
there really is no defending firmino anymore
Ive not seen Salah subbed before bar injury
This takes the cake as far as worst VAR call to date. My fuckkng god
I would say that Cancelo and Grealish are great players and are having great seasons but I think it's between the other three. Right now i'd say 1) Fernandes, 2) Dias, 3) Kane.I think "numbers" play a large part in it and those three have the best numbers for their positions.
How have we not scored again?
This is what I was gonna say. I'm very pissed rn
fuck off
Doesn't matter when attacking. The rule is it can't touch the arm at all in the build up to a goal. Bullshit rule though
I suggested somewhere else it could be because he thought Mount might have interpreted his original comment as a dig at Chelsea, so he just wanted to clear the air by wishing him luck.
Whilst the decision is harsh, the rules do now state that if it hits the arm in the build up to a goal it is handball. It is technically the right call by the referee but a terrible rule to have in cases like this.
I dont think anyone *seriously* would If we became RB Wolverhampton Id have a bit of a grumble but I wouldnt stop supporting them.
VAR is basically a magic 8 ball at this point. Never know what the fuck will happen.
Kroos has played a CL final against Chelsea, so he obviously knows.
You do appreciate the irony of someone being from a country that has no business in top level professional football calling out a country that is almost at the very top tho, right? I mean the irony is palpable. I agree with the rest of your sentiment.
Null and void
Americans are gonna be mental about his right to bear arms.
Is the IPL big in England?
Follow these instructions
Its happening mate 
Definitely yeah. Anyways, theres already so much information out there that I cant help but think the most successful clubs will be those who understand it first.
Our results have been all over the place tbh. Beat west ham twice but then cant beat Sams West Brom. Cba
Werner is doing 95% of his job right, his work rate is wonderful and he defends. Love him and I know he'll break the drought soon
If Mane goes down there it's a pen.
A bit of both, a genuinely stupid troll possibly. It's an old act anyway, they're never creative. I like to play around with them at times seeing how far they'll go to try and rattle me up.
Can't go wrong with a Roma shirt.
cant lie thats deserved
"anyone who can kick a ball gets into the NT these days" mate
It's so weird watching you all analyze this so deeply
I was always the one whod force the fat kit to play as goalkeeper
If we get top 4, I don't see why not. He's meeting all of his KPIs set by the club, whether we agree with it or not.
You're not even good at trolling.
The gap between you and city is 14 points the gap for arsenal is significantly lower than that. Honestly if we had beat wolves I think top 4 would have been entirely possible as it is I think well probably end up in Europa but we can take points off those ahead of us and that could play a big part. I think we have a fairly good chance against spurs, Everton and Liverpool at home the ones against Chelsea and West Ham will be tough. If we get a good record in those games then it could be on.
He put the club into a maintenance phase.The amount of investment needed to turn Newcastle United into a Champions League club is astronomical, and even more so when you consider how much it took to turn Man City into an English powerhouse.This leaves simply existing in the Premier League, and Ashley will want to do this in as cheap a manner as possible. If relegation happens, it'll be fine because the club will still sell out its stadium and because they'll have the team/budget to bankroll a promotion.With that being said, eventually relegation is going to stick, and when it does Newcastle United will be in huge trouble. The first relegation had Hughton and an emerging talent in Andy Carroll. The second had money and Rafa Benitez. Realistically, what do Newcastle United have for the third run in the Championship?
It's funny to watch the talk in here about Werner. For us Chelsea fans who watch him week in week out he is actually doing "good" today.
Whats happening with Havertz?
Ya fair. I'd hate to see those given at any time. But consistency is key and something we've not had this season. Rules seem to change week to week.
Premier league VAR review is so fucking bad and confusing. They draw lines that make no sense with weird camera angles.
Get fucking in Mason
Was it when Allardyce was coaching you guys?
We are not exactly the inevitable goal scoring mentality monsters of last season where we always seemed to dig in and find an answer. This season the players just seem to get demoralized after concede and sort of slump around the pitch for the rest of the game.
Bruhhh I dont want to win like this
definitely been very good as well
Werner man how has he not got a goal. Hes had so many chances.
Piece of shit VAR
Deserved man, Chelsea has been outplaying Liverpool so far
Immobile is a better footballer than Ronaldo right now. Dont care about previous years. Dont care about systems
I dont think Kovacic is who Mane would want to fight
Can we go 1 week without a VAR controversy?
That's class
All big clubs are the best clubs now? Do you think Man Utd is among the best club now for example? Liverpool had their fair share of drought for example. I think you can support any team you want whether its big or small. Depends upon how attached you are with the club whether youre foreign or local.
No Way LMAOOO
Or that theyre just shit at shooting, which is also very plausible.
Please dont remind me
Match accumulation is fucking everyone up. Games are just all so lethargic right now.Unless you're absolutely coked up with the PEDs of course...
Ozmorn Taal.
Unbelievable bail out.
quite disgraceful from Kovacic there
Been sloppy on the ball so far
Didn't consider that. In that case, he's 100% getting in over any of the wingers we have. Either as a 10 or a winger.
See if someone will pay what they did for Luan Candido. Throwing around obscenes amounts of money make you look very smart when one of them sticks
Yeah but like the football isnt good either.. is it because they are missing Henderson in the midfield?
I deleted my comment in shame. LOL
Nice pass by ziyech
Have some faith, Barca had many times found itself in a hard situation and yet came up on top. You have literally the best football player of all time who can create moments of pure magic. Im not saying its likely, but the comeback can happen. And La Liga may also be yours this season.
Depressing that it should be 2-0 though mind
A hair on Werners elbow was off
Toni Kroos was 22 when he played first CL final with Bayern.
Were a second half team anyway! ^I ^hope
>Vitor Baa>Coentro - Ricardo Carvalho - Pepe - RB> Chalana- Joo Moutinho - Deco - Rui Costa> Nuno Gomes - Mrio Jardel
I dont think Lamptey is there yet. Guy has only played 18 games the past two years. Hes incredibly small and defensively he isnt very good yet. But he definitely has talent and crazy athleticism.
lol just take the L toni. Why a 31 year old got to be so salty to a 22 year old. Taking thin digs makes you look even more salty. Don't know what people see in him when they call him "classy". Might be his blonde hair and blue eyes.
Will keep that in mindThis user doesn't have a problem
Nope, but I bet he'd have the same number of xTrophies as Ole.
Has anyone got any football shirts they recommend I should buy? Looking to buy some, as it's been a while! Thanks
Always is.Same thing happened last night as well.Genuinely believe that if fans were in stadiums wed have stayed up because the players would have been so affected by the level of abuse the fans would be giving them right now, it would force performances.
This is his final form, bask in its glory
Yup by the same user
Liam Gallagher is hot
Seeing Fulham playing against Tottenham reminded me of Ryan Sessegnon's existence.Seems to have fallen off recently considering the hype around him back in the day.
You cant say that for sure though. What we do know for sure is that the ball hit is arm and assisted in a goal, which is a clear handball and disallowed goal under the rules. Its the right decision, but people are arguing against the decision and the rule, when they should be mad at the rule. Coote and VAR *have* to disallow that goal under the rules though.
For anyone comparing between Fulham and this one, I think there is different rules in terms of attacking and defending. Also, have seen these kind of handballs been given. VAR, just be consistent.
Thats a great goal
Zack Steffen
Some Chelsea fan page on Facebook
So that's 2 points dropped against Newcastle due to shit implementation of VAR, and potentially another 1 against Spurs. Absolute fucking joke of a league.
4th official holdingLiverpool back, truly a sad day for football
Everybody calling for the rule to be changed is how we got to this in the first place. It should be changed. I think refs should be given discretion on handballs.
That's un fucking believable. His arm is tight to his body. Ridiculous call
Damn, didnt know Chelsea was based af
Yeah, they are making many runs which others are missing. Now that we've had the lead maybe we'll get more chances to do that.
Think most people here think we could definitely sneak a result against them and theyre overrated
I remember when Tuchel subbed off Alves after 30 mins he should do the same with Werner. Im not even trying to roast the kid I genuinely get triggered by how he molests the ball
Yeah, thats laughable to say the least
Imagine Liverpool finishing 7th and then United win the FA Cup to deny them a European spot.
Kroos definitely does.
It's extremely obvious the English refs are sabotaging VAR. Now we get comments like "VAR is ruining football". They're quite pleased with themselves I'm sure.
There was a miserable twat somewhere in this sub I argued with about which DM we should go for. I suggested that Rice wasnt the best fit for a possession based team and especially with his fees and wages, Boubacar Kamara would be the superior option. Then he went on a rant how Rice loves the club, hes a proper chels and would be a guaranteed captain and a guaranteed club legend. Yer das are unbearable sometimes
Maybe like 8-5th
Doherty and Davies starting. Absolutely rank
We rebuilt under those managers because the squad was in pieces - that isn't the case anymore. We have some gaps in the team that need filling - that doesn't warrant a "rebuild."We have some great players and the current manager isn't getting the most out of them. Like I said earlier, our league position means fuck all at this point, especially as it looks like we're going to start slipping down the table.He's not a disaster, no. We're not mid-table or worse, but we're playing cowardly uncreative football, the kind which Van Gaal and Mourinho got dog's abuse for, but without the results or trophies.If you're content with just competing for top 4 every year, Ole's your man, but you can jog on if you're think I'm happy with Man Utd just being part of the conversation with a half-arsed two-week "maybe but not really" title challenge.
Pulisic asked to be subbed rather than start so he doesn't have to kneel
Let me just pull up the rule book I have memorised
I don't think so, not with the injuries he's had and the trophies he's been able to collect. He might have been forced to hook Firmino though.
At first I thought r/chelseafc hated Tammy irrationally, but at this point I just think that sub has a German fetish or something.There was/is a lot of hate for Tammy despite being Chelsea's top scorer in the PL, and he barely plays as it is. But then I started to see a lot of harsh criticism for Ziyech and Pulisic as well. Lots of calls for those 2 to be benched because they're underperforming (they are, I won't deny that). I don't see why Ziyech and Tammy get such short leashes and can't even get a run of games before people start calling them trash. The German players do, and they still play very poor. And now the bar for Werner is so low that winning penalties and his runs are the only thing he gets praised for. Then at the same time before every game, most people on that sub want to shoehorn Werner and Havertz into a bunch of different positions despite their constant lack of output. A lot of people actually want Werner and Havertz up top against Liverpool.
The disallowed Maja goal was absolutely the right call. Its just the rule is complete bullocks. The refs followed the rules
Yeah, has been all season except maybe for a month or two of class play from Ziyech after his first injury and before his second.
Competitive domestic leagues, essy
Taking off the leagues top scorer when we need goals. Wtf.
yeah, he's such an incredibly rounded player. He's kinda become who I thought Havertz might have been in midfield lol.
Because mount mentioned his name. Kroos "talks" before the game seems like he said something direct when it was just another comment. He's said it plenty of times and I'm sure even mount won't have paid attention had it not been written as a headline.
Hes supposed to have it above his head in a wildly unnatural position I think
You can legally score with your upper arm
Tbf I think everyone knows Chelsea are struggling in the final third.
Hope is that Kai can find some of his feet by then
Koke and Saul
"How are we?"
Bundesliga fans, especially Schalke fans, are actually well known for their spirited, but always interesting and nuanced discussions of German idealism and deontological ethics, as well as the merits of the Brahmsian attack on Wagnerian Programmmusik
FIFA needs to fix their handball rule, FA needs to fix their offside VAR review. Those two issues make the games much worse for everyone.
Literally guided the ball into Alisson's arms as gently as possible
The only thing i know is that i dont know the handball rule
Thank you. RIP!
Ruben Neves
so is he at least trilingual? German, Spanish, English?
Members of the organisations that give them out. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the Oscars, Recording Academy for the Grammys, Professional Footballers' Association for the POTY/TOTY awards in the PL
Liverpool going on an "Arsenal before Chelsea" run
Nothing wrong with being fluid in that formation and dropping Pogba into the pivot, but starting McFred at home against bottom half sides shouldn't be our go-to. Plus teams park against us with a double pivot anyway and we struggle. Pushing Pogba forward and reducing his defensive responsibility shoves a gigantic chunk of creativity further up the pitch.
Either way with the current rules. We just need to go back to the old rules where player intent was the main factor. And unless you think Kante was holding his arms out to intentionally make himself bigger to block a pass, that wouldn't a pen. And I don't think many people would complain.
cadate? isn't it callate?
Don't see how Ox coming on helps this midfield.
He was already pretty good last year too to be fair
He also started the Barnsley and Wolves games and was probably the worst player on the pitch in both. We can't afford to give him so much playing time when we're desperate for results. I understand it's not easy but he's in his late 20's he'd better adapt quickly.At least with Pulisic we've seen last season he can do it for Chelsea and when he's on the pitch he doesnt slow everything down and looks to get forward. Neither of them deserve to be starting atm but if I had to choose one and we needed a result, Im picking Pulisic
Liverpool play in red so basically commies.
Joke's on you, Chelsea, there's literally nothing special about beating us at home. We took care of that.
I can't believe we miss Nat Phillips
Learn the rules before crying about the ref
Thoughts like that are exactly why you lot have been in such a rut for such an extended period of time.
Bruh the comment is still there
Disagree. Refs can make their own judgement calls regarding this now. See man utd vs palace this past weekend.
Love the symmetry between wins and losses
Reminds me of the time a Sunderland took a shit on a seat in the Stadium of Light
Pretty sure its his way of hinting that Chelsea were defensive and not attacking. As if thats a slight on their victory.
Werner already knew
Tbf he has never been arrested like maguire
> given that none of the proven winners are availableMassimiliano Allegri
Kroos reached his first final later than mount did... definitely not a dig
poor werner
Nice one captain obvious hahaha Can I add to your observation with Liverpool would have to score 3 goals and concede 0 to win
Penalties are given for far less this season. All I want is some consistency.
Its part of professional sports. Rashford is a senior figure in the United dressing room, its not like it was a youth player.
I was just about to praise Kabak's passing game so far.
Just the fact that he's in the GOAT list doesn't sit well with me. Obviously he was a great player and all, but he's ot a GOAT tier player.
Utd are gonna get mullered at the weekend. They're not even bad, City are just nuts right now
that curtis jones shot was one of the worst shots ive seen in a while
Kroos hasn't won 2 Europa leagues though...bet you didn't think about that.
rip phil chisnall, terrible news. this last year has been awfulhe was the last player to transfer directly between manchester united and liverpool
Celtic Park Ibrox HampdenWindsor Park Aviva Stadium Millennium/Principality Stadium Wembley Old Trafford Tottenham Hotspur Stadium Villa Park Anfield Emirates
I think it might be Martin Tyler. Hes been doing it for a couple of games now
Fucking score Liverpool wtf are you doing
He felt bad about Timo being off
>That's fine, but that's coincidental and not the reason people are called plastics. Assuming you're getting so upset about this because you're not German?It's not a coincidence if it's the case 99% of the time. Then it's called a norm. I'm not at all upset tbh, I'm just debating. I like debating.>More to being a football fan than just sitting on your armchair and being happy when you win and upset when you lose. If you go to games and watch them, good for you. Football needs people like you and everyone appreciate it. But that doesn't mean that people who don't aren't football fans, or that their support is nothing, or that they feel nothing. A lot of factors like financial, health, geography, career matters. You don't have to toot your own horn about what it means to be a "true football fan" because frankly, we get it. Everyone gets it. Doesn't mean plastics aren't football fans or supporters of a club.I don't get why you have to keep saying that 'it's impossible to make bonds' and stuff like that. Because they can. I'm not claiming that plastics are equal to matchgoing fans, or that they have the same level of connection. They obviously don't. But they are still fans and I don't understand why people like you have to belittle them.
How can that be a penalty.. The ball was booted so close to him...
I've been watching him a lot at Hoffenheim. He's alright I guess. Doesn't help that Hoffenheim are severely underperforming right now.
So it's not right for me to call him out unless I call out everyone else with a similar opinion individually? There's also a difference between being a conservative and liking Instagram posts that actively call out for the shooting of 'Antifa'.
Contact does not always equal a foul
Why does the comment linking to the non-PL DD get downvoted?
Gonna be a long one, tldr at the bottom.I regularly check up on transferred players from Ajax' 2018/2019 CL squad, see how they're doing by watching their games, match highlights, statistics and sometimes simply lurk in their current team's subreddit.After doing so recently I now really hope Ziyech leaves Chelsea. There's some really weird aversion against him going on there.Since he was injured he made his first couple minutes as a substitute in GW5 on the 17th of October. Coming back from an injury accompanied with a new club, system and league he started out a bit slow.Yet not even a month later, on the 7th of November he already had 2 goals and 3 assists on his tally. Then came the international break where he continued his great form with 3 goals and 2 assists.When the leagues resumed he was a starter in the PL games and a substitute in UCL games.Then he got injured against Leeds on December 5, which made him sidelined for a good month. Chelsea won 1 whole game during that period.His return was against Man City in a Chelsea side that was clearly struggling, he wasn't great nor bad in that game. The following match he was amongst one of the best on the pitch in the cup game against Morecambe where he gave another assist.His last game as a starter in the PL under Lampard's reign was against Fulham where Chelsea was still struggling and won only 1-0 after Fulham went a man down after a red for the entire second half.Then Tuchel came and he let Ziyech start against Wolves where he was arguably the one who created the most offensively. At this point he had played ~4 games since coming back from his injury. Now he could finally get some match rhythm going, right? Wrong. He got benched, benched, benched, 20 minutes as a substitute against Southampton and 15 against Atletico.Then finally he was a starter against United last Sunday. Granted, he had a shite first half, absolutely horrible but it didn't stop there. In the 2nd half he did turn it around and after the final whistle he created more chances and attempted more shots than any other player during his time on the pitch. The Chelsea subreddit apparently rated him the worst on the pitch and were incredibly eager to point out the bad first half but barely had any praise for his switch around in the second half.Meanwhile Havertz delivered fuck all and there's absolutely no slander to be found there. For some reason everyone seems to scapegoat Ziyech and I'm struggling to see why that is.~TL;DR Ziyech hasn't had any proper match rhythm at Chelsea other than the October/November period where every Chelsea fan was wanking themselves off over him.He gets injured, returns to a struggling Chelsea, manager switch etc and gets benched for multiple games on end with a total of half an hour as substitute appearances then gets absolutely shitted on for not performing even though he was creatively the better player in his first game as a starter since.
growing a beard/goatee. So glad he shaved.
Honestly looks like a shell of the player he was at Bayern. It has to be said though that there were times at Bayern when Thiago was bad too and he likely wouldn't have been a starter in Lisbon without Pavards injury.
Imagine sitting in a stand named after you.
Football is utter dogshit these days. What the fuck is that?
Tuchel's decision is understandable though. Now we can finally play with 11 Men.
he liked a post with guns by an ex USMNT player/FA guy who had something about killing antifa in the caption so everyone ofc uses it as "Christian is a MAGA Q guy who loves Trump."
You're welcome nonetheless my friend
Yeah that's true, Vewrratti has been given a free role at the cost of Paredes playing a very restrained DM role
Why do you think classic football shirts are such a trend these days.Buy a Liverpool shirt from 05 and pretend you've always supported them.Can't see any top club fan being a true fan unless they're born in that city.Best is when people come up with stories like "my grandpa visited Benidorm once, so I started supporting Barcelona"
Of course if he knows 2 languages, but his first is probably Brazilian
Last night were fucking massive results for us.taking in consideration that either Chelsea or Liverpool (or both...) are going to drop points tonight the stage is set for us to get fucked by big Sam tonight.
>I get its the combination of historical reputation and love for Zidane.Yeah this is probably it. Poor Marco man haha. I said in another comment how great he did coming in for Nesta but no one remembers that.
If you really analyze the Liverpool situation, you could say it is mostly due to FSG being cheap
Awful rule, awful call. Thats not given a pen the other way around. His arm is in a completely natural position.
that USA team in Italia 90 was just Indoor or semi-pros
We've been linked to Abdou Harroui of Sparta Rotterdam. Can any Sparta fans or Eredivisie watchers tell me about him?
Yeah I regret it now
oh yeah I forgot his agent had a palantir and could tell the future
robbo lol
Whats the outrage about this? Its been a rule for years that the ball touching your arm when attacking is handball, no exceptions. Its harsh, but a handball. This isnt robbery, this isnt VAR being shite, this is rules being enforced
That and NRAymar seem to be the favorites lol deservedly
Seems you're misunderstanding, and I have no energy for this conversation now
Which one of the two is on loan with you guys?
Class act, Toni.
But football fans are still gonna be watching the games on TV or in the pub or the beer gardens, I don't think avoiding posting highlights on a primarily American website will do anything.
Out of the loop?
While the sub is definitely reactionary (as most club specific subreddits are), I wouldnt say any of the criticism is undeserved. Fans are always fickle, its just how football fandom works. The issue Ive found with Tammy is that even though hes gotten a few goals, a lot of them have come against bottom half teams, or in the instance of West Ham came with some exquisite fortune. He overall does very little to get involved in the game, which Werner does, and is horrific when trying to dribble the ball. Its all too often hes not in the position he should be in order to take a good shot or bring other plays into attacking positions. I just dont think hes got the awareness or aptitude to become a top scorer, he also lacks the physical strength to hold the ball up like Giroud does despite being the same height.  To me Tammy still feels like a young up and coming striker despite the fact hes 24 this year. I would also say Ziyech is quite deserving of some of his criticism considering his play in the last few months has been horrific. He loses the ball more often than he provides a pass, and when he does pass its often backwards or sideways than the incisive forward pass to the striker he was brought in for. Also his shooting has been either pretty poor or frankly a bad decision. Against United he looked good on paper, but if you watched the game he was incredibly frustrating. I just dont think he warrants a start at this stage when there are other players worth giving a shot.
Outside the box goals count as two 'goals' and inside only one
It's hard to say. Doesn't really make sense as an insult since Mount is just starting his career, but it could be seen as a slight comeback showing he doesn't need to lose sleep over something he's already done many times
Omg timo youre so shit lol
So many people will always talk about Messi and Ronaldo, while completely ignoring this.
They fucking changed that rule in 2019-20 season i think>Starting from June 1, 2019 onwards, the IFAB have confirmed that a goal scored or created with the use of an accidental handball will not count .yetThere will be no penalty if:the ball touches a player's hand/arm immediately from their own head/body/foot or the head/body/foot of another player.  **the ball touches a player's hand/arm close to their body and has not made their silhouette unnaturally bigger.**Absolute cretins whoever made these rules
I'll risk a statement it was there too, but United's midfield and defense was organised a bit better.
Interesting. Makes sense! Thanks!
yes, minnows compared to the might wolves
Has he? Looks decent so far, but 'really good' is pushing it
oh common man. wtf is he suppose to do?
4-0 Barcelona
He had like 1 year left of his contract and Bayern didn't want to meet his wage demands.
The reffing in this country is beyond a joke. The championship is worse than the prem believe me.Chelsea being robbed of a lead here.
My dad says Alisson is bad on the ball every time we watch Liverpool and he ends up making a mistake almost every time.
Well - prroblem was who started it.Kroos, even if I think he ment different then mason decided to interperate it.
Celtic 1-2 Molde. I'd had the day off so had been out all day. Can't remember any of the game which I'm thankful for. I think it was raining.
Hes a great player, his decision making is just off sometimes. Also needs to work on finishing
Point out the part where I said it was a waste or gtfo
lol dude
Playing with 10 men when hes on the field. Passenger for 88 minutes with a good flick every couple of matches
Lmao you sound pissed
he was onside. ziyech was offside, I really dont understand
We also were not playing Werner who is paced af
Imagine if Pep worked with him, hed be world class I reckon
Literally won games for us earlier on in the season. He's our only hope now
Fair enough lmao
They gonna down vote me into oblivion
Tbh those games are the deciders. We could win all three or lose all three. Spurs defintely arent playing better than us atm, we have more quality on paper than west ham, and Liverpool are in shambles. Those three games could swing either way
We have a lot of germans here in the south of Brazil. Some cities even look 100% german.
shocking decision
LMAO kovacic
2 games today VAR is fucking BULLSHIT!
Ah, that's helpful. Thanks.
I'm still not entirely sure they've accepted that
Ah thought you were one lol
What a diabolical decision. Fucking melts
Because those CB's aren't as good as the others and do not do the same job
I would argue the block is a defensive action though. If that block was in his own half and led to a counter and goal, would this be disallowed? Unless everytime a defender successfully blocks it counts as a small attacking action, surely this is a defensive player being hit by the ball and therefore not handball?Seems like a punishment for pressing high almost
Didnt a Tottenham fan also say that loads of old school season ticket holders had to cancel because it became too expensive once they got their new stadium? If thats the case, they paid for the thing and also stopped going there.
Pulisic needs to pretend the ball is someone with a different political view to him and fackin' shoot
It is.
Our 2 goals came in the second half.Thiago came on 45th minute
Mane mate that's too soft to be going down like that
I think he looked like a manager on the slide before he joined Everton which probably put top clubs off.
Which is one of the flaws of the statistic, that it treats every shot from every player recorded as the same. Of course a shot by Thierry Henry is vastly different to a shot by Benteke from the same spot.
My ideal situation of Liverpool getting the last Europa League spot is becoming a real possibility
That's what he gets for having arms I guess
Depends. If you like Solskjaer, it's a reductive post showing he's on par with Mourinho and LVG's results in the league. If you dislike Solskjaer, it's a reductive post showing he's failed to improve upon LVG / Mourinho's results.Either way, it's a simplistic overview showing United's lack of objective progress.
He is not better than Pogba, he is just more effective in final 3 because he plays 10. I am Utd fan and I am not being biased here. His formed as dipped recently but that's gonna happen when the manager plays him in meaningless game when you are 4nil up on Thursday night
I dont like this game anymore
Youre all over this thread about this. He liked an Instagram photo with a hidden caption, then unliked it. Also liked tweets from Hilary Clinton and Obama. So maybe its not smart to be so quick to throw him under the bus?
If you want someone to tread water you hire someone who is not statically one of the worst managers in the country. And even if you do hire him as a gamble, why keep him when he's clearly shown he's completely out of his depth as a manager?
Not our fault VAR is woeful bud
3m for centre backs after all of them died. Its embarrassing
Allison has been world class for a couple seasons. But he, just like most of Liverpool is in a bad run of form..
Feel like he's gone from 10 min tactical analysis to five min of commercial and five min analysis. I recently unsubscribed. Loved his early stuff tho.
Gamblers do have varying levels of skill (though it doesn't even begin to compare to football) and it also misses out other subjective factors -- just different ones. It's a decent example.
Its not VAR either. The law states any ball that hits an attacking players arm and then leads to an immediate goal scoring opportunity is a handball. No matter what. So VAR isnt deciding if he purposefully handled the ball. VAR is literally just saying, oh it hit his arm and then it went to his teammate who scored. That goal cannot stand. As the law is written, it is an absolute.
Utter insanity
You never know but I assume it's easier to score a goal with no opposition
kid me was convinced grosso was the greatest to ever do it. between that germany goal n scoring the winning penalty i just assumed he was god
I like watching Pandya whack it for MI and Bumrah's bowling but that's about it
Stick that one on the list of terrible decisions that will probably end up getting us relegated.This one. The Fabinho pen that wasn't given. The West Ham offside goal that stood. The Sheffield United mega soft penalty.Most egregious, Wilson's obvious dive. Thanks refs, you're fucking useless
What's with all the mocking of bald people on this sub? I just read the thread about Emery reaching so many Europa league finals and a lot of comments mention how shitty it was of arsenal fans to mock his accent. Humblebrag. I can speak 3 languages almost fluently and when someone points out a something I've said incorrectly I look at it as a opportunity to learn. If it's a funny mispronounciation, even better. More likely I'll remember it then.Now let me tell you how it feels balding in your 20's. It fucking sucks and can be pretty traumatic. Not much you can do about it either unless you got money or are willing to deal with potential medical side effects.I'm 30 now and rock the bald dome all day every day. And I don't mind being bald anymore. But god damn if I was 22 years old and reading this sub I'd fuck off right away.
On the back of a league win with all 3 center backs injured no way he gets sacked this season
Hopefully with Jotas return the Liverpool front three return to form
Easier to evaluate when the feet are touching a 2D plane like the pitch. Quicker VAR reviews
They should sack all the Premier refs and promote the championship ones
Lenglet's handball though, clear pen.
I'll go first:Fabian Ruiz / Luis AlbertoPanagiotis Retsos / Kostas Manolas
Ive kinda noticed that people who comment on celebrity/popular tweets anywhere are borderline mentally handicapped. Doesnt matter if its Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram. Doesnt matter if its an athlete, an actor, or a musician. Get enough people together in one spot on and a large number of them will be dumb as fuck, and those dummies will usually be the loudest in the bunch.
Pandemic?
why would zlatan be an more fake hard than any hard man ?
Feel like the fatigue has caught up to us
>Zidane's whole offensive philosophy is basically asking for a CR7who else do want him to send the ball to lmao? Barcelona had suarez and neymar we had benz and sometimes bale.> Zidane dealt with that by making us a defensively solid squad, which has been exposed several times this season due to injuries/brain freezes/shit refereeing and what not. Defensively solid is an understatement. We were the best defense in europe and now we're still 5th best and that is with a consistently rotating forward line where militao/nacho/ramos and carvajal/lucas/odriozola have played interchangeably. And let's not compare with koeman? He still has a 75m midfielder and 2 100m attackers with messi, apart from defense his squad is considerably better.
Yes the midfield doesnt do what it used to because neither of Henderson and Fabinho get to play there. Having even matip and Gomez back solves this let alone vvd.
No Mount was just an idiot
Some weird blinker you've got on, plenty of liverpool flairs around
I'm wish ya, it shouldn't be a penalty. But we've seen this given as a pen so many times this season. We need some fucking consistency.
I'll join you lmao > signing up for a new one with a Paraguayan Second Division flair so fast.Alternatively you can join NEC and experience eternal pain instead of just once a year
with Tuchel now in charge is there less disagreement among the players? like kepa's infamous refusal to come off
Yo anybody know how to get the club logo next to ur name?
Something I just realized I don't know: Can the ref "ask for" VAR assistance like in other sports or does he necessarily has to rule something and then eventually be checked? I'm saying something like stopping the play to check instead of calling something either way.
I love Brighton, i just wanted to say it
First one ideally - imagine if everyone who moaning that they "don't have a local team" worked towards starting one instead of just supporting United or Liverpool.
Yes. I edited the word were for got. Dont try to weasel your way out of this you slimy booger
Martin Tyler: Tuchel didn't play Mount in first gamemaybe Tuchel is biased against English players?Me: 
Can't blame the guy for wanting to join one of the Champions League finalists tbh
Seems more like a hadoken
Tbh Im kinda tired of salah firmino and mane, I want more Liverpool players like kuyt, bellamy, maxi rodriguez, and pre injury Sturridge
Ferreira was better than Sagna
havertz is clear of all of then and i think ramsdale has been pretty terrible also
If people are really passionate about the issue they should bombard FIFA's sponsors with their complaints. If it becomes an issue they can't ignore they are the only ones that could put enough pressure on FIFA to do something. That's usually what works when something controversial happens. Then again there was that popular story in the Guardian a few days ago that didn't phase FIFA or their sponsors at all so I get the feeling most people just don't care.
Yikes 5 in a row
Deserved and by the right player
I mean, they didn't need to bring in a German manager just to get the best out of new expensive German signings
Probably because they have no natural striker rn. But I agree he should really try something else for once
I could write a dissertation on why Chelsea was the wrong move for Ziyech
Didn't know we needed a longer word for grass
Lol just read what you wrote. I don't think there is a point in comparing to european clubs (different competitions and all), but we are by far the biggest team in this country. Even in River's best era we eclipse them in terms of popularity.Most people wouldn't understand how big we are in this continent unless they come here.Aguante Feyenoord papaa.
I'd rather Thiago went off and we played all 4 forwards. He might be a good player but he doesn't seem to offer anything close to what hendo or fab can when they're not in defence.
Is Azpilicueta the only player on the field with his shirt tucked down his shorts?
Our record with him playing is ridiculous iirc.
Some of them have like my comment and I got a retweeted reply once, so you could say Im pretty close to some players...
I agree and I really don't understand the narrative that ole is a bad manager when we're 2nd in the toughest league in the world, and the only team ahead of us are one of the greatest squad and manager combos the world has ever seen. I also wonder exactly who all the ole out brigade would appoint as manager, given that none of the proven winners are available. Not only that but appointing a new manager would likely set us back 2+ years given that we'd require a rebuild.
Your win vs us was quite comfortable and that was mid december
83 Substitution for St Joseph'sOFF: 15 Cristian MecciON: 3 Kenneth Chipolina
If a defender isn't punished for it, an attacker shouldn't be either. This is absolutely absurd.
Total bullshit
*Rudiger standing still*Ref:How dare he thats a foul!
Thiago wins a surprisingly large number of his aerial duels
If this comes off Ill look like a genius - klopp probably
Who are your top 5? I tend to agree.
Well I mean theirs was definitively offside like it or not - that Kante handball was disputable either way.
Kovadick
lol he just misses the ball.i never thought id say this but Werner would have done better there
Application denied
Bit of a dive that, stops in front of him and falls over on the contact. Don't like that shit
Take away tonight and hes still had a fairly high amount of brain farts that lead to goals. But as the other person says, if youre on the field, then youre held to the similar standard as everyone else
Accidental partridge
Well you might as well stop watching the EPL now since we know who's already going to win. Hell the French league has got a real title race between 4 teams
You surely can't just blast the ball at someone from half a yard away and get a penalty? Then again I can't keep up with the handball rule anymore so maybe it gets given anyway.
Hahahaha yeah now that you point it out, I do see it lol
I actually don't think Liverpool-Chelsea will be a boring 0-0 draw. I think it'll be a somewhat entertaining 0-0 draw, with decent chances for both teams. Have a feeling poor finishing will let both teams down.
!FollowThread
What is a penalty? Im just beyond confused now..
Just discovered a Porto's AFTV type of channel and this shit is hilarious. He was trying so hard to stay professional throughout out the "Watch with me" video and just ends up cursing Malang Sarr and the ref.
You know what. Yeah I actually like that idea.
it's a shame that Gilmour has to be behind them as well
>something like a salary cap in the USNo it won't. It will take away money from the players and give it to the already wealthy owners. Your first para was about transfer fees so why you talking about salary caps? >spending over half a billion on their players and still being extremely mediocre and it just makes you think, whats the point? That they suck at buying players.
Its sadder when Bayern turn their league into a monopoly and then pretend like they care about competition
Omggg only 3 points off of Arsenal if we beat Burnley this weekend
But people don't believe or understand the statisticians who created xG models so who are people suppose to believe if not Footballers and managers who the data represents.
Thiago has been the most underwhelming player in the Prem this season. Genuinely thought he was going to tear the league up this season.
That first commenter got embarrassed in a major way, Twitter really is a different beast.
>when did I say it's a competition of injuriesYour literal whole argument has been about injuries and how Liverpool and Leicester should be above us.....Your whole argument is redundant now because I see you're just out to shit on united. The day I give a fuck about what a sweaty plastic oil fan thinks is the day hell freezes over
Subscribed
Penalty wtf thats a penalty
Why is everyones solution to a poor defence switching to a back 3? The teams with the best defensive records have never had a back 3 except perhaps Contes 2017 Chelsea.
You can argue it. But Maradona is the best player of the 80s in the same way that Muhammad Ali is the best boxer ever. Even if you can point to stats to prove your case - it doesn't matter as they just meant more than those stats.
haha fackin ell. :D That was straight up Gomez'd from UltimateCF. I'll see to honour that. I don't even know what reddit platinum is but I know those reddit points allow me to give awards :)Thank you deception42 ;)
Ok. I was wondering mainly because someone I knew from awhile back used to play for the Charleston Battery but just signed with Forward Madison FC. I wasn't sure if that was like going from AA to AAA in baseball. But it sounds like they are on a similar level just a different division?
Perfect balance of being a sore loser, a dick and pretending not being butthurt.
The handball law needs to revert to what it was before. Intent was always the hallmark of the law and it's so harsh to give penalties for completely unintentional infractions that referees simply use their discretion and often don't give them. That puts us in a situation where it's completely arbitrary whether the law will be applied or not. It's untenable. The football world has decided that the new law is too harsh in practice and so the law simply needs to reflect that reality.
Footballers with 9m twitter followers probably don't write their tweets themselves.
Can we go 1 week without idiots blaming VAR for thinga that arent their fault
Was good in the Euros. He took a shit Italy team to the qf and went out in penalties.
Such terrible logic
Where they ran themselves into the ground, won two meaningful titles and everyone's legs are now falling apart?
Its not like the non-etchnic germans backed up zil claim either
What is Lemina supposed to even do there? So ridiculous, how do you even explain that decision to a player who stood still and got a shot blasted at his side?
If both Liverpool and Levante lose let this be a lesson to managers Do not take off your best attacker when you need a goal lol Seems a bit obvious tbf
No teams have greater interest in this game than mine and that's fucking shocking.
Making it as embarrassing as possible while still making them head to Europe on Thursdays next year?
I wonder if there are more relevant threads to discuss proceedings in a match
Fuckin hated AP Language, ultimate over-analysis of every little detail
Position. Points earned is bit irrelevant season on season. If you win the league with 70 points is just as much of a win as if you do it with 90 points.
reddit itself is becoming more and more popular so more fans will find it's way 90% of those fans will be juve/madrid/barca/united and maybe even liverpool, we're only a few years away from this sub becoming a monopoly of 5-6 fanbases and everything else getting mass downvoted.Remember these days gentleman, for they may not last long.
Yeah, it's completely ruining the game. I can't be arsed with it anymore. Always been pro VAR, because I think when its done properly, it's a really useful tool. But the premier League implementation of it has been woeful.Like your disallowed goal then, I'm convinced it was onside, should never be called off
That decision is a disgrace. Fullham have been robbed. Sick of poor var decisions.
Yeah would have still been disallowed last season, but from this it looks like the defensive foul-> offensive handball thing would still be disallowed too if there wasnt enough going on between it and the goal.Bad for the game.
Right winger 
>Pogba is defo better than RodriAt what
i meant the league match and the 2nd leg
Is that depression?
Holy shit, first touch of the season there
I can't stand when plastics shit on other leagues
Salah is clear
Laurence has some daft opinions but fuck me Rory is the pinnacle of delusion
Yeah 5 trophies there are not like the others.
If it hits his arms and then it causes a goal scoring opportunity then it's not a goal.The laws of the game just care that his team gained an advantage from the ball being played off his arms.
Horrible decision. Where else does his arm go but flat on his body, I would be livid.
LiVARpool but unironically
Very unlucky with that goal to be fair. A farcical VAR ruling away from scoring.
So because his first season was good he should be immune to everything? Club like Chelsea needs consistently performing players, not that hard to figure out
He took the L and congratulated Mount for getting in the final.
Miracle of Istanbul
Utd selling Beckham and then replacing him with CR7 was something divine. CR7 was a far superior talent and also had the model looks like Beckham to be a great commercial entity which made Utd more popular globally. Beckham was already doing that, but Ronaldo did it even better. Ferguson was a genius when it comes to transfers. I always forget Ronaldos impact at Utd and PL in general besides his sporting achievement. He was the face of Premier League and made them globally popular. Its very similar to what Michael Jordan did with NBA.
Because James is better going forward, and therefore better fit the way Lampard wanted his fullbacks to play,
thanks line up man
Anyone know who was the referee for the Leicester - Burnley game last night? Looked so young and new. Also reminded me of this one weed guy we've all have seen around in our lives
I deserve that haha
when he eventually does go to a big team (most likely arsenal) its gonna b hilarious to see their fans turn on him after they continue to play the exact same way despite bad results, only for graham to ramble about taking the positives over and over
jones as always showing his class
Over Kant for me, was incredible for 4 years (16-19) but not PL TOTD consistency.
It's one of the most upsetting bits of football when your club does something you can't support, on the one hand you shouldn't have to disavow your club because of scummy owners or players but on the other you dont want to be seen supporting them. there's not much the fans can do really
Just take a picture of a nearby field with some jumpers or bags as goalposts.
Never a pen. Lashed at him from half a foot away. If that's given we should all give up.
Big fucking joke.
Mount has been excellent, well played. That goal again... brilliant change of pace and a top top finish. Big game player, fair play
What the fuck
Why are you so upset still about 2012? You've had plenty of success in the mean time to get over it. Ludicrous this obsession certain Bayern fans have with Chelsea.
Mr Chelsea's goal reminds me of Eden cutting inside
Samir Handanovic still wears baseball caps occasionally
What was Klopp thinking starting Fabinho coming off over 4 weeks off. He looks extremely rusty
To follow up on this -- what are some of the important things to begin learning about tactics in the modern game?Oftentimes, overly simplistic questions & comments about formations are answered with something like "*well, not every 4-3-3 is the same*" / "*it's about more than just the numbers*" / "*teams use multiple formations during a game*" / etc. -- all of which are great points! But while formations maybe the simplest representation of tactics are possibly becoming less important, it's obvious that tactics themselves are hugely important. So, what are some things you'd recommend brushing up on, for the fan looking to expand their understanding of tactics?
I guess it's a rule problem then, but it's still ridiculous
I agree with you based on the short distance the ball travelled, but your hands can't be above shoulder height. Kante was lucky, couldn't have complained if that was given.
Neutrals: If you root for Bayern in Der Klassiker (TM), you are technically against homosexuality. Be wise.
Cringe can be used as an adjective... youre trying to sound smart but just look stupid. Grow a pair, your slang is stupid and nonsensical, end of.
Yes it is? We've lost 5 in a row at Anfield. That has never fucking happened
So it's a technicality then. I was watching Parma - Inter and Inter brought Darmian on, I noticed he was a Parma loanee. But there's an obligation to buy so he doesn't really belong to Parma in any sense.It's not like Inter couldn't afford him right away (though it sounds like their Chinese owners have some financial troubles now).
Big team match ups are usually shit, Chelsea-United was poor
Agree. Really a complete lack of mentality.
what is the most brexit tackle you have seen?
Mourinho is certainly more accomplished but even at Mourinho's peak, if I had to put a team together, I'd probably take Klopp.
As they should.
Was the handball rule actually changed following those ridiculous handball against Foden and Moura vs Liverpool and Sheffield United? (where they got fouled and fell down and the ball touched their hand following that so the defender got an advantage by fouling)I was under the impression that it was but I cant find something about it.The Fulham Tottenham one today needs a similar rule change.
Liverpool playing the high line that Chelsea have been looking for since Tuchel arrived.
Jack Grealish is a xG person. Good lad. Understands data.
Long ball and inshallah. Mendy has been 100% focused today and I'm impressed so far by Chilwell who's defending Salah really well. Azpi and James have been great on the right side, Kante and Jorgi have been immense and I would really like Timo to score today. Ziyech is making good runs but hasn't quite made it yet. Mount has been out player of the season and he's grown so much as a player, rarely gives the ball away, always comes back to press and gets the ball back, and now he's really improving his finishing. Just need to defend properly now and not play too much at the back, really think we can get them in counters.
Going to be one of those games that leaves everyone pissed pff. Probably 0-0 or 1-1
Bench player for Gladbach.
Lmao, Kovacic what
Why is there no such thing as level anymore. Obviously we've benefited today but it's just silly.That is onside by any sensible measure.
Because it's not hard to be loyal when most things go your way. Try being a loyal fan of Kaiserslautern or Depor, then the word means something when one uses it.
Worked out with Houllier in the end, but the utter disrespect to Evans. He should have walked immediately.
Vestegaard and Dan Burn have to be up there
IQ level: Chelsea fans
I really doubt we will score tbh
Even as a spurs fan. That's a bullshit call
Meh, not really that clear.
Celebrating goals nowadays with VAR in place
They originally had a good point which is to prevent goals from being scored directly off the arm and into the goal.I don't know who in the fuck decided extending it all the way back to this would make the game better.
dont do chunkz like that
Ziyech was Chelsea's best player ???
It's painful watching Liverpool's front 3 trying to link up these days
Have Liverpool??
Wont be the first time chelsea have stolen CL from Kroos.
His peak imo was the Arsenal match this season right before he had COVID
Sorry to break it to you but Maharashtra is not a hive mind. Some people do, some dont.
Mason Mount is a better footballer than Thiago right now. Dont care about previous years. Dont care about systems
yup just felt this in full force. Feel so sour after that disallowed goal just now
Yeah consider myself corrected best player to never win the bal on for by far imo.
Feel awful for Werner. It was a very good goal against a big team and would have done wonders for his confidence. Man looks absolutely devastated.
Sell Jota or you mean he's the answer?
Some of the most miserable cunts here with comically bad opinions are local fans.Seems like you have a problem with stupidity, and that has nothing to do with being local or not, so i don't get why you go on this "suffering" tangent. Stupid people are everywhere, stop generalizing foreign fans as if they are the only ones with bias. There are plenty of rational supporters who are foreign.
It will happen at some point. It might even be happening now, with covid really affecting how much clubs can pay. If it keeps rising at the rate it was, at some point clubs will be disincentivised to go after a big money move, which will eventually bring the prices down.
Depends on the team. 70s onwards, there are many club football footages. Its the pre 70s era that is difficult to find.
Yeah just making the safer bet rather than the reactionary one
What's Mason Mount bad at? Such a complete player.
Thought that Ziyech played for Man City. I dunno why.
LMAOOOO, offside is a scam
That was a very nice strike, I have to admit
Ah thanks. That's a bullshit rule but I guess it was right.
Ah shit, here we go again.
I really think only Ramos won more unless you count guys who weren't consistent starters.
There must be a reason Tuchel put him on the right wing
What a clinical finish.
Which provision of the rule makes this a correct decision?
Watching the recent talk about "mentality" makes me question whether people disliked EV due to his personal traits. Him being composed and a "softie" were used as criticisms since we needed a "hard man" to sort these players out. While people are talking about our change in mentality, I don't think it's very true. We were known as "Second half FC" under Valverde. This was exactly due to how many times the team stepped up/came back under him. The same with Copa. We lost quite a few first leg matches because we gave time to B team. However, we almost always made a comeback in the 2nd leg.Hell, we made a comeback from 2-0 to 4-2 against Sevilla of all teams under EV in the Copa. Did the team not show "mentality" in all of those matches? The only times our "mentality" disappeared was in the knockout stages of the CL. It was the same this season under Koeman. I could understand fans of other teams not knowing the details but it's plain bizarre to see from Barca fans. Honestly, comes across as collective amnesia at this point. People who like Koeman and dislike EV have pushed this narrative about mentality all season and people have started to buy into this drivel now. These people never really wanted him when we signed the guy in 2017 and they've never really changed their opinions.
Konate is not needed need attacking options first IMO and a centre mid and I dont know why hed even join us really surely someone like United would go in for him
Reguilon would likely be fine, but Aurier needs space he wouldn't get as a wingback. They're different positions with different asks, it's not as simple as wingbacks are fullbacks who don't need to defend as much.
The only salty thing here is yourself. Your team won yesterday stop being so mad at everything.
Yeah I'd love to have 1k comments about DAE Grealish good and daily Ronaldo Vs. Messi.Quality > quantity
His arm is at his side for fuck sake, what was he supposed to do exactly?
been like this the whole season
Also the manager with the lowest win rate out of all managers in the Prem to manage 200+ games.
Fuckoff mate
It's amazing that people have failed to read even a single one of the maaany comments over the past 2 seasons explaining that the rules for defensive and attacking handballs are different. The situations are not at all comparable, because different rules apply to both.
I love Kova but cmon man what was that
We only talk about the successful versions of these signings though, look at Zappacosta- a sensible price to fill a required position, he may have ended up like azpi, but just didnt make it. Teams spend big on players that have proven themselves to some extent, minimising the risk of a transfer. Obviously it doesnt always work
!flair :ball:
What happened?
Klopp lost the plot
That's probably not just bullshit, I'm pretty sure disallowing the goal objectively wrong here.
Pogba helped us win trophies though
We're gonna score the equalizer, defend like crazy in extra time, and then win it on penalties. Or something.
No biggie man I also understand your point obviously, I'm just glad this is all an hypothetical scenario.
The combination of no fans, endless treadmill of games, and these ridiculous VAR decisions has made me not want to watch football for the first time in my life. I watch more out of habit at the moment, and that's honestly something I never thought I'd say.Hopefully next season with fans and a normal schedule will help things get back to normal.
No Yaya in a PL team of the decade just looks wrong. Would have him over KDB or Kante
TIMOOOOOO
I just realised that it's at the top of /controversial so I guess you can tell that it's at least got some downvotes.
Apparently Henderson has been told he is starting now because De Gea hae personal problems. If he is solid I still feel he should be first choice in euros over both pickford and pope
I'd prefer to have a bad Champions League campaign than none. Means your club is much more impressive and attractive. As AVB said, "In order to be shit in the Champions' League, you have to at least qualify for the Champions' League. We did it and we are being shit."
no, When we win the UEL and EFL cup
No argument to not have Mount as a nailed on starter for the Euros now
don't you dare
I wonder if multiple players/coaches came forward about it if they would fine everyone lol
Now players will start kicking the ball at the defenders' hands...
I cant understand how we paid 4mil for Tisserand. Hes had 7 individual mitakes leading up to goals this season and hes terrible in the air. Was he any good in Germany?
Because his passing range holds Chelsea back in Attack.
Relegation from the Championship
i never had more fun than when he didnt come and r/muppetiers exploded
Would you mind telling your dad to shut the fuck up?
I think there's just no easy games anymore and with the fixture congestion it's difficult to blow teams away.
Yep, it's just a way to show how many chances are being created Vs how many are finished
And for some weird reason, Madrid, Barca, and Bayern aren't interested in Mount
Kante as lone DM isnt very good either ahhaah
Hes miles on ffs
Why are Liverpool even pushing their line that far up in the first place, its like they dont even realize Virgil isnt there
Hello and welcome to my TED talk on why Nicolas Pepe is better than Sadio Man
Did some aliens just take Liverpools talent when it comes to playing at Anfield
Who did that this match?
New ruling every game it seems.
Don't think so. He may be faster with the ball but without it, Mbappe is faster
Mason is my favourite Chelsea player right now, and I've to say Mase doesn't have enough credits in the bank to talk back to Toni fucking Kroos. Big game adrenaline, I guess.
I swear every time they use the arm to give an offside they use a slightly different part lol
This is what you get when whiny idiots cry for the rules to be "objective". No one with an ounce of sense asked for this rule.
It's not about the score, it's about getting decisions correct in a consistent way.
I don't live in North Korea, which means I think Kim-Jong Un is doing a bang-up job. Look at me, walking without a wagon!
how is sahin doing?
Id rather keep them out of that is the best guarantee at safety
Could've been a pen that, seemed outstretched
Who ordered your shit takes?
Allison rocking a 4.2 rating currently and he deserves it
The championship is always class, only thing I didnt like was being in it
Yeah Chelsea is playing in this game so your feeling is correct
Thats optimistic
Considering the state of Serie A clubs in the CL, Inter probably battling for top 4 finish with Juventus. Milan fighting for a top 6-7 place.
OK, boomer
This is ball to hand tho. If the defender could clear the ball appropriately this isnt an issue a bad clearance that goes right at your arm when it's on your side is disingenuous to the game. There was no unfair advantage by his arm being at his side.
He's a youngster reaching his first cl final. Even if he said something more toni would probably reply with the same thing.
Yes I know
Livarpool back in action guys
Could've fooled me
A bet on Chelsea SHOULD have been paid out in Bet 365 now.Games corrupt.
Still pissed we lost to you lot twice this season
So. Ox. Played?
Liverpool would be completely fine if it was only Van Dijk that was injured. We won all games when he was the only injury in the team IIRC.
Lacazette
> Results asidei.e. from a strictly neutral, footballing point of view.
Probably crying holding his 4 cl medals and World Cup medal. Poor Kroos.
IMO, OGS wouldn't get a top job in the Premier League if he were to leave.A lot of people forget his time at Cardiff City, where he took a struggling but decent size and not only relegated them with no fight, but made such poor decisions and signings that it crippled them for 18 months afterwards in the Championship. OGS has the Man Utd job solely because of his relationship with the club, and any other job would also look at his other roles and wonder if risking mid-table mediocracy with a relegation dog-fight with Mr Smiles is a wise move.He'd definitely get a top Championship job, and that is purely because of the Man Utd connection. It's the same reason Gerrard and Lampard walked into decent jobs, because what they lack in experience they have in connections to know/get the best loanees.
Dont have to be German to think McDonalds FC vs Pepsi United sounds like shit
And still we've got 3 of the best fowards at the moment. If only our nations focused to develop midfield and defence the same way they do in attack...
Both Managers making some.... interesting subs.
More like 70%.. Hope he'll get better next season. He looks too rushed, no composure at all. Such a shame.
5 home losses in a row c'mon let's go
> Fekir didnt **captain** FranceJust stop embarrassing yourself
We agree Mo, but Klopp must know better probably.
next time there's a twitter thread it'll be my turn to say this and get the karma
Would love a threesome with Hodgson and Allardyce..
And it happened to us last year when someone blasted a clearance into Lucas' shoulder while he was on the ground and facing the other way, overturning a Kane goal.Sorry, it was when he got bowled over from behind and his hand brushed it as he broke his fall.
Mount tales it personally, now you take what Mount said personally despite quite clearly being just a child with a keyboard. Chill out lol.
I would assume he wants to, can't see Klopp not giving him a few days off if he wished to.
The Kane goal from last season is a good example, but that disallowed Salah goal had nothing to do with this rule - that was pulled back for what was considered an intentional handball by Firmino on his own half in the build up.
tbf rowley would probably put in a better shift at CB for them
Wolverhampton wanderers single-handedly saving Portuguese football. Youre welcome.
And he sometimes tries to overcompensate for that attention and ends up being very negative
That would be way harsh. it's so close to him.Kante does play with his arms up like that a lot though.
Its amazing how depression can fuck with you. I got probably the best news of my life this week, and I was over the moon. Last night, I got home from work, felt a bit blue, and sat on the couch. Four hours later, after telling myself over and over and over and over again that I was going to get up just to *eat* something, I finally got up, had a granola bar, and went to bed. I wasnt looking at my phone or watching anything  I was just *existing* on the couch.If youre are feeling down or out of sorts, please do reach out and try to get help. Therapy and some good, caring friends saved my life.
An extra point for a clean sheet.
TAA and Robertson aren't 1st choice?  I was led to believe that they were some of the best fullbacks in the league/Europe. Shows how much some people bullshit I guess :-/
yes, you're right in those aspects probably. but it doesnt help him that much unless he's counter-attacking, so ronaldo nazario actually is physically even more impressive as a football player. there are lots of sprinter type players, but very rarely do you get a ronaldo nazario who explodes _with_ the ball the way he does.
We had absolutely no business winning the 2018 title.You still had Ronaldo, Atleti was Atleti.We had just lost Neymar, spent a small fortune to bring in his much lesser replacement, and he was basically out for the season, so our biggest signing was Paulinho.This was the recipe for the 3rd place. We almost went unbeaten.This has to be on Valverde.
Before that, Lewandowski was clear in a 1v1 with Navas and yet it was wrongfully called back as offside. So i guess it evens out.
Him then Maradona for me.
It's more a comment of how shit the PL offside VAR implementation is. Cost us a goal last match and this today
Just rephrased the same thought, lmao
I had some really mental stat I wanted to put in the DD but I cant remember what it was so just pretend I said something profound
It doesnt come off salty to me, football fans just always make everything salty or aggressive etc.
No hands for goalkeepers would be cool so you get to see a bunch of Higuita type saves every match
DISALLOW THAT YOUR VARS
fabinho is world class
After a draw both teams go on penaltys. The winning team get 2 points the losing side 1. All 3 points are given out like in ice hockey. A 0-0 draw would be also more entertaining.
Nah, he's only responsible if things are going well. Otherwise it's De Gea, Pogba, Maguire, Martial, Rashford, Lindelof, James etc who are at fault when things aren't going well.
momentum killed with that shit call
I agree Fulhams type of goal should be allowed but the rule is any handball in the direct build up means its a disallowed. Its a bad rule for completely unintentional HB that didn't really impact the play like fulhams.
Yep, this is especially obvious because the non-PL team subs have up to 100,000 members even when its one of the biggest of their league and most PL subs have more than 100,000 or even more than 200,000 members. The contrast is very big
Apparently defenders got injured
Chelsea getting their share of favourable results lately
Salah's agent seems like a right bellend.
Bench Mane. Dreadful
Next years our year right?
It's a bit sad that a lot of fans will remember EV only for Roma and Liverpool.
It is so hard watching Liverpool, just completely uninspired.
How on earth is that given as offside...
Oh come on Ziyech, what the fuck was that?
LenoShawGabrielPogbaSakaThis season Rashford, overall probably still Aubameyang
Uhhh cheeky.
Going to go drink some delicious bleach
I disagree with everyone attacking VAR for this, you should be mad at the handball rule
It was based on their mathematically aligned lines
Look, I understand why defenders want to try and avoid handballs in the penalty area, especially in the VAR era, but Kabak and Fabinho choosing to stop and stand with their hands behind their backs as Mount cut inside to shoot was embarrassing. They took themselves out of the game by making themselves so immobile.
Werner is just terribleTurns into a lil scared girl in the box and loses all composure .. my god
They also froze the play before the ball had been kicked.But yes, VAR is BS, and every team has been and will be screwed by it
Delusional, bet you still have TAA starting as well lmao
No way he gets sacked. But i think i said that about Ranieri too.
Mendy is a rather long lad. I cant look at him and not think he belongs on like the Charlotte Hornets
Im neither of those, I only joined Reddit a few days ago and I have no idea who Arteta ball is
we are not scoring. deserved 3 points for chelsea. embarrassing display yet again, when will it end
His hand is raised, I think it was a pen.
Liverpool has been really bad
Pogba had a good month over the Xmas period, but let's not pretend he's been our saviour. McTominay has contributed more this season and he's fucking crap.
Feel like shit just want to go back in time
Seeing a club that supports a genocide, continue to be in a shit state is something that brings me joy.
they will
Taking off Salah and leaving Mane and Firmino is baffling. Salah and Robbo have been the only two good players today for us.
Been the least problematic out of the pairing.
Allegri is much better than Mourinho.
Well thats stupid
What do you think what happens if Liverpool won't end in top 4?
Don't think a lot of people in this thread watch Italian football regularly enough to care.
Well your tier 1 is stupid enough to think a Marseille player can join PSG...
There's a non PL daily discussion thread if it bothers you so much
Under no circumstances Zidane is better than Guardiola, Guardiola is better against the relegation team, against the mid table teams and against the top teams.
A lot of the problems with refereeing in English football right now, ironically, come from rules that allow for no judgement by the referees.
Has Thiago won at Anfield yet?
Tuchel fixed at least one German in the team
I have little confidence that the Liverpool Chelsea game won't be a lifeless match
I can't think of a single likable liverpool player, between the diving diva that is Salah and nasty cunt Robertson there doesn't seem to be any
Jaysus what did you say
Argentina would be more believable.
7th in the 2. BuLi rn, nothing to scoff at.
Bradford have two at the minute and it's been quite good recently. I suppose it's not very common because of decision conflicts, but managers work very closely with their assistants anyway so it probably doesn't make much difference have two official managers instead of one.
Pulisic got his concealed carry ready to go
THE LINES
Well that's just a poor decision
It happens , Every player ever to exist has had bad performance or has got outplayed , hell whole team got outplayed , but I can't expect them to win cl very year that would be very unrealistic expectations.Chelsea are young and energetic , good luck to them in final
383 goals in 377 league appearances for Real Madrid and Juventus, seven league titles all in top four leagues, six CL titles? Five Ballon d'Or awards along with six second places most of which were only to possibly the greatest player of all time Messi?I'm genuinely baffled as to how people disagree.
Well yea. Hes a very handsome man. He could have the fugliest facial hair in the world, and hed still be handsome. Im just saying he looks like a cologne commercial model when hes clean shaven.
On their day, probably
Considering a potential buyer of our club is a someone who is confirmed to order murders and is a sheikh, give me that red bull money.I could maybe handle a rebrand. Don't think I could handle the murderer
What a fucking question.
Sure, that's why i said impossible to know.
tfw u have arms
Have there been any talks of a new deal, seems crazy that he might leave given he must be one of the first names on the team sheet for his consistency.
Thought that was on.
> Casemiro should play less CS:GO and work more on his technique - his passing, dribbling and ball control are not on the required level of an RM midfielder. For example, Busquets doesn't have Instagram and I can't imagine him playing video games too, but his technique is always on point.Lol
16 is such a weird kit number for a gk
Definitely a Spurs fan today but Jesus that was an awful decision.
would kill to have someone like marina at the club
Yeah, but I wanted to keep the joke consistent. I was thinking specifically of the Boys from Brazil, but yes Argentina is more accurate.
Hes one of the best defenders Ive ever seen this is as dumb as saying why does Wenger get a pundit job he says Euhh all the time and stumbles over his words
Fucking classy germans
theyre strong on paper imo, but clearly doesnt produce the results. not only that but I cant stand English pundits, the way they overhype them and overlooked us especially during the WC Ill never forget. so ye dont really like em rip
I know, I'm saying their aren't as good as their position.
Why don't you just get a Pikachu costume and be done with it?
What a load of fucking shit. You can support the team and still recognise that the manager isn't good enough.I also don't know why you think getting a new manager would mean completely rebuilding the squad? Ole's spent 300m and we're playing the same football as Mourinho, with none of the silverware.Think his number's up at the end of the season, or it should be at least.
To show how ridiculous the rules are. Why should the Fulham guy be punished but not Kante? Neither of them should be.
Hes 22
?? How doesnt that make sense. Poor Managers bottleneck a teams ceiling.. Germany England etc
they're just less important sources than Ozil himself on whether or not OZIL has experienced racism
Jota for firmino please
unless they're cowards, diasbut most likely it's bruno
Martin Tyler. I have a theory that his work with the FIFA games has driven all his passion for the sport into the ground.
Yet he still got rattled by a fairly harmless comment from Mount, yikes
Remove penalties completely, fouls in the box are now freekicks
Have these people who've been paid a lot of money tried? Idk maybe they do in training and see it doesn't work, but they could at least do it for the entertainment factor. You're 3 goals up or 3 goals down in the 90th minute. Why not say fuck it and try something crazy?
Man's been playing 90 for the last 5-6 games, give him a break
Werent you nearing relegation while in the Champions League quarter finals? Weird season lol
There is, but of course a shot from 40 yards out is more likely to go in when youre playing in League 2 than in the CL.
No, you cannot ignore the law because you personally think it ruins the sport.
It's not that the law is subjective, in fact they've rewritten it specifically in an attempt to make it objective. The problem is that it's so unbelievably harsh that some referees simply refuse to enforce it as written. Intent needs to be restored to the law because some refs will exercise their discretion to require intent and others will not, leaving the application of the law to be completely fucking inconsistent.
I think I found it, dunno how I missed it. That's fucking grim.
Wrong, this is incredibly simple. It should be: If the arm is tucked up against the body it's not a handball, ever. How is that arbitrary?
Yeah, frustration would be the one word I'd use to describe our season so far, or maybe boring.  I'm not sure that Jimenez coming back is going to solve the issues that have set in with our play-style this season, though he was a massive part of our build-up game. The problem is that when we have been more progressive, we've often got caught out defensively, which has made Nuno revert to his natural cautious play-style and trying to scrap out narrow victories. I think that there are issues we need to solve defensively before we will be playing more attacking football again. Sometimes we don't even look like we're there to try and win games. Silva had a really rough start, and he's missed a fair few chances that he maybe should have scored. Right now, he's not great on the ball, and can't link up that well either. It may seem obvious to say, but I think he needs some gym work/conditioning work over the summer, he's a bit slow and gets knocked off the ball to easily. The only positive is that he is still getting in good positions quite often, which is probably the most impressive thing for an 18 year old. There is potential there for him to be more of a goal-poacher if he can be more clinical in front of goal, I don't see his strengths being on the ball in the near future, though that may come with time. We've just got to be patient with him.
Toni 'Mr. Freeze' Kroos back again
So this is handball, but Hudson-Odoi's last week wasn't? Cool.
Care to elaborate? Can we objectively say that Van Dijk is better because of stats? On paper, Liverpool is a lot stronger team that Schalke and Arsenal, and their playing styles differ quite a bit. I could argue that those are main reasons why Van Dijk does so well. Is my opinion still wrong? If so, how?
Really.. Did you just use the word "cringe" as an adjective whilst attempting to call people out on their use of language?  It's about time you stopped on the English lessons pal. You just come across as a creepy bigot tbh.
I'm assuming he meant over all, like how Kerela and West Bengal follow football way more than the other states.
Dont use the Daily Discussion to drag users from arguments you had elsewhere
Fortress... But understandable, football without fans is nothing :
Why? Any part of the body that can score is the rule.
Simeone
Thank you! Im asking because I want to make sure I dont refresh this thread before a goal happens
Brilliant contribution to the thread. Good discussion-provoking stuff.
For fucks sake, how many times must this be said?You can, until the end of the sleeve. We all know it's stupid, and if a player did it would be ruled a foul,but the rules are that you can.Yes, the rules should be changed.By the rules today, it's counted as a body part in play.
I think a lot of people just have a hard time separating Ole the player and Ole the manager. That's why it's always everything's fault ***but*** his. If the manager was someone outside the club they would've started asking for his head a long, long time ago.
Does Mason Mount get in the team of the year? Hes been consistently good all season, definitely our POTY - who are the candidates for midfield this year? De Bruyne, Gundogan, Grealish?
>But it's a piss poor rule its disingenuous to the game. The idea of the rule is that goals shouldnt be scored due to handballs. The game is about playing the ball and scoring with your feet, not gaining an advantage by playing the ball with your hands. It makes sense for this rule to exist imo. Goals shouldn't be scored after an attacker hits the ball with their arm, even if by accident. > If the only way to not have this happen is to cut off your arm. Yes, when the goal deflects off an attacker's arm it shouldnt lead to a goal scoring opportunity. Fortunately we have a remedy for this that isn't amputation, we can just award a free kick.
Are we watching the same Kabak?
84th minute its taken for Firmino to actually to something
Ferna should be in that list
Yea Ronaldo was a tad too ugly when he first signed
thought the whip on the cross would've led to a Chelsea own goal
Madrid, theyll buy him, Mbappe and Haaland this summer. Somehow.
I dont think he swings that way..
If I won 4 cls I wouldnt care about whether grass is greener elsewhere
How is partey on current form better than pogba
Ridiculous decision
Some dude from the future is already sitting in my living room. Liverpool wont win another home game till 2028 when they play their League Two home opener.
Why is that? A lot of shots outside the box?
Salah off and not Man. What?
That was easy
Thoughts on my Manchester Derby combined XI?https://team-picker.files.bbci.co.uk/Manchesterderbyxi-dbbeb779c62f85e8d61cc696cbd4c0cc.html
RING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING
The 13 points dropped that seperate us from City: Arsenal, Palace, Sheffield United. Let that sink in.
VAR rescuing another terrible spurs performance
Do you remember when watching football was fun?
Paragraph too big, didn't read.Break it up into blocks.
Lol I spent an embarrassing amount of time a few weeks ago just looking at FSGOut people dragging him through the mud. They're all fuming that he gives early return dates for player injuries and keeps getting proved wrong.
It is im very sorry
Really? You'd be locked up and thrown in jail? Are you sure?
Timos bicep, because reasons?
From PL Champions to not qualifying for the CL inside one year. Damn
Next season will be the 4th time in 154 years that weve been in League 1/Division 3.Ive supported Wednesday for the last 17 years but will have experienced 3 out of the 4 times weve been in League 1.How the fuck is this shit fair?Modern football is fucking horseshit.
Nothing quite like it
Typical
Went from every handball is a penalty to no penalties for handball
Tbh you lose your club identity taking the first.
Why was he half naked? 
Any non PL fans tell me how the English squad is seen outside of England. I feel like Im in a bubble and wanted outside perspective. What do people think of them?Is it just English media just overhyping them like always?
Pique is definitely a bottom I concur
> Youre also neglecting that the German FA actually apologised recently.Fritz Keller apologised to zil, mainly for how the DFB handled the whole situation surrounding the Erdogan stuff and not protecting him enough.He didn't apologise for the supposed racism, he even defended Grindel and said he can't be accused of racism.
>AgilityMbapp>Foot Speed: Mbapp>Aerial Ability:Ronaldo, Mbapp aerial game is awful>ExplosivenessRonaldo Nazrio>EnduranceI have no idea
Grealish is up there with KDB and Bruno tho. Mount is still young. If it's between them, Grealish is a no brainer but Southgate doesn't quite favour him.
Facts i swear of hakim and puli were in form he would have the same problem with mount
Outrageous decision
I think his leadership skills would be under scrutiny regardless, not as much obviously but he's a strange choice for captain, considering he wasn't there long before becoming it.
Poor guy, Sevilla were so close
I love Milly, but he's who you bring on to hold a result, not create one.
Our CBs are going to fk this up by being too cute near our own box.
I'm talking about Lenglet's handball. 100% a pen.
it was half time?
wtf werner
I really like Uwe, I've always thought he's a decent coach too.He just doesn't last very long because he's apparently a bit of a dick who falls out with everyone.
remember the olden days when we were certain that liverpool would score in stoppage time
Maybe because he wants it that way?
Tuchel isn't exactly helping him by playing him out of position and playing long balls all game...But for some reason Ziyech is scapegoated so much by Chelsea fans lol. He gave the ball away a few times but thats what you get with a player trying difficult passes.
He is telling him chill dude youre still long way from talking like that
Neither does our entire team tbf
Did it last game too.
It might be the rule but the rule is fucking terrible.
I agree. I also like the occasional Monday moans.
Never in my fucking life is that offside wtf
I think its more they support the clubs and then the players. like if Messi goes to city this summer, loads of new city fans will come with him. The thing is theyll support Messi and then the team. Another example is Pulisic with Chelsea, loads of yanks love him and therefore like Chelsea.
longshot vs city go vroom
Couldn't disagree more. A lot of players jump for the opportunity to play for a Klopp, Pep, Jose, etc.
Oscars and Grammys are voted for by peers
Absolutely doesnt answer the question.
> handle the murderer~~oh you could.~~ okay i dont know, but most people can is just my point. man city fans can aswell. the thing is that he doesn't look like someone who is there to sportswash a country that is stoning people to death.
Would hate to target those that can't defend themselves
Not a mid table team but Portos Jesus Corona definitely deserves a move to a better league.
Odegaard wanted to leave after getting benched by modric for 5 games, I dont care for such players. Fede has been injured since November.
They are though
The notion that Bruno is the best player in the PL is absolutely atrocious and needs to be ended right now.
Was waiting for this comment
Tucked in near the fucking body. that is absolutely a natural position. you don't have to be a bloody robot and have your hand near your hips. that to me is clearly tucked in enough with an attempt to not stretch it out and block.
I genuinely don't understand how that can be seen as a pen.I'm fed up with the refereeing as much as anyone but I look at decisions on an individual basis and I don't understand how that could be given as a pen.
How anyone can consider TAA one of the best right backs in the world is beyond me. The lad cannot defend to save his life! Probably be better as a winger
I have seen many United fans say that he is overrated on our sub.
Aryan Robben gonna cut them open
Atrocious level of inconsistency
Shut up
I honestly don't think footballers care about the captain in that way. Captaincy is something fans build up in their heads to be more important than it is.
He's in bad form right now
Nah I think that was a year later?Think the dive one was 2-2 and Liverpool had Brad jones in goal
Nah you're thinking of the US. A few came over here, but most ended up between Russia and the US.
Would stop supporting my club for either one and start supporting my even more local club in the fourth division. I'm not going to support a hollow club
> AWB drifting inside to assist while we have a dedicated RW would gain the same effect IMO.On paper maybe, but AWB currently doesn't have the skills to perform that role. His ability on the ball pales in comparison to Matuidi or Shaw. > The basic question here is if we think Pogba's total contribution to the team from LW outweighs thatHonestly it depends on the opposition, there's no reason why it can't be situational, Pep regularly changes his wingers and fullbacks based on how he wants to attack the opposition. Against low blocks LW Pogba and Cavanni are excellent, against more open teams Rashford and Martial make a better combination. Pogba in the middle and Rashy at LW gives the team more offensively but weakens the spine. This might be ok elsewhere but United don't actually specialise in possession.
He is apparently not getting an extension
The mere fact he felt he needed to respond is drenched in salt lol
If youre going to make that foul call on rudiger whether it was or wasnt idk thats an automatic card. I dont get it
This game last season ended 5-3.
Hansi Flick, where you at? Come out. Ronald Koeman just wants to talk.
Quite a lot of united fans /general people agree with that sentiment
Where the fuck was Mane looking there haha
Ridiculous decision, Is he supposed to cut his arms off?. Fuck English refs for ruining the implementation of VAR, no other league fucks up VAR this bad.
ANTIFA- Anti-Fascist movement Pulisic liked a post calling for antifa supporters to be shot
Point to where I call this a gray area?
You misread OP
Your original comment said "It has nothing to do with where you're from". More often than not, it *has* something to do with where you're from. I pointed that out. How is it difficult to understand?
I swear if you put Lewa as 6 in this team he'd instantly become useless in the final third
Thats what happens when your two best midfielders have to fill in at the back
Hes been one of your best players tbf
For me, the reason I love my club is because it represents my community, my city and I have a say in it. I couldnt imagine supporting a team that doesnt fit these 3 criteria
A mushroom
YESSSSSSS MOUNTIE
How is that not a handball? At least go to VAR
I'm so oVAR football at this point...
the one that matters
You reckon Allan or James come to Everton without Carlo?
What is there to say? By their dumb mathematically quantum level model it was offsides. The rule is stupid not the decision.
Instead of complaining about the jokes let's just down vote em
We haven't had a comfortable game since November. Typical Ever-town.
Hmm. I wonder why...
Cheap, idk. Who could even do the role I'm not sure, we're not linked to any defensive midfielders apart from Rice. Bissouma will be available for the right price probably, but I'm honestly not sure.
Points per game in the league in Wengers final season - 1.65Arsenal points per game in the league since then - 1.59People seem to pretend Wenger's 2016-2018 seasons never happened but the slide were seeing now started under him
Going too far but even Hodgsons side looked like they gave a fuck compared to this form.
Who even knows anymore, nobody in an official capacity has a fucking clue
What do you mean? City don't have an issue with offsides much. Their wingers just cut inwards behind the widest man which is hard to track.
A defender would never be taught to intentionally try to clear the ball into the arm an attacker.
idk. It makes sense in my opinion. I also remember when the rule was introduced after we scored a handball goal against City, everybody was fucking happy with it.
KDB's a big if and I've only included him because he's the best player in the league who was injured for a month or so. I don't see him winning it, at best might find his name in the final list.
Should have signed Thiago, that's his speciality.
Tonight probably
Has Trent been taken off??
You are from Maharashtra?
You made it that far?
Forgot about this troll.
If Werner scores with the part of the body they said made him offside theyd have called it off for handball. Fuck these VAR refs.
Deeney
Would be the end of Ole if that happens, so you might land Allegri.
Football Manager is a great go to as well though it requires more of a time investment to get started as compared to something like FIFA.
About 20 people subsequently thought the same. I didn't realise the meme was so known.
I mean sure but still that's still strawmanning the fuck out of the inital argument, he's just hanging on to the word "loyalty" and having a go at him while ignoring the rest of the comment.
In theory it doesnt, but it still looks worse imo. Shouldnt happen either way, that joke was bang out of order.
I suspect that's not the point. I could say I'd rather be in the Championship because we win more, but I wouldn't. It's better to lose big games than not to be good enough to play them.
People pretend like living somewhere is the only way you can have any jurisdiction on the culture thereas if people cant be incorrect about whats right and wrong in their own country.
Fucking rule that out VAR
Phoenix club.If I had to choose then the first one
Know he gets loads of stick but I do really enjoy watching Thiago pop it around all game
City can look forward to extra class memes by u/_cumblast_
Oh my bad. It also must hurt to see your team **only** competing in the EL instead of the CL every year. And knowing that your titles chances are 5% smaller than the year before must also suck. I can't imagine how hard it is for those people.
I think they will renew his contract this summer. No way are they sacking him and then hiring a new manager who will demand big money signings. They'll keep the company yes man over the summer so they won't have to spend much, and then maybe sack him next season if things go tits up. But then again, like a cockroach in a nuclear winter, Ole seems to have this knack for going on purple patch runs and never quite going over that line of no return.
We're taking Mount off?? WTF
You gotta own it! Maybe your comment spurred him on to score!
We're not talking about the points being taken from Fulham though. We're talking about '*referees not being able to carry Tottenham forever*' when a shit referee decision just like this one cost us 2 points vs Newcastle.
Darn.. that's a good save..
I don't understand statistics and I wouldn't hear what you just said at a pub, therefore your argument is bad.Hope this helps.
MAGAdona.
Today is Ariel Ortegas birthday. Here are his 10 best goals with the River shirt
What was in it for Parma then? They could have him for a while and then get some money back?
Fuck all of that, take me back to Liverpool v Chelsea on a Tuesday night on ITV 1 with Jon Champion? Peter Drury? along side Andy Townsend co-commentating 
yeah DragonballI now like Mount.
MASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I did, but what he said also works.
It would more likely be league. I think that once they have collected enough data and refined their model you will start seeing variations like that
Betted on Werner to score. Please don't let me down.
Lol there is sub called r/OleOut
Planted foot, ffs. This isn't hard and would remove almost all ambiguity.
>Why would you care about either if you're Andalucian or a Bulgarian? What they did was to the detriment of the English league. It has no bearing on your life if you don't follow the Premier League.Well if you're a supporter of any 'big' club outside of England then City and Chelsea have a direct effect on your talent pipeline and your ability to advance in European competition.
The report coming out today was that we would try to get Konate, who'd just block his development. Gabriel is only 22 as well so I don't see how Saliba fits in.
Furloughed
They should sign another RB and put him in midfield
Just stay on here these days
Like what I'm seeing in the first 20, need a goal while we're on top.
Hes been great this year stop pushing a bs narrative
Pls keep watching then
better from us so far
Ahh yes, using the arm for balance is unnatural position. Learned something new today
I always drink beer and smoke weed but one time I went with clonazepam + beer + weed+lsd , it was beautiful
Hes putting pressure on Mount to actually win it
Hard to choose between Wijndal and Koopmeiners.
It absolutely doesn't.
In most of the cases it absolutely has to do something with where you're from unless you're the odd immigrant or if you are born to immigrant parents. But those are really in the minority.Let's not pretend this place doesn't boil it down to foreign = plastic in many cases.
Big applause for Mason
Literally can't win.
Doherty really not going well for you guys huh
GET FUCKED BY THE BEST PLAYER IN THE LEAGUE YOU CHEATING FUCKS
Please, world class should strictly mean the very top players in that position.
Liked an alt-right gun nuts anti ANTIFA post on insta. Also has history liking a pro trump post 50cent put out.
Yeah? What was the point difference between United and Liverpool in the last two seasons?
Cant complain about that. Great goal
Villa without Grealish isnt Villa.
Tuchels son
Why Salah?
that tiny bit of sleeves \*clearly\* gave Werner an advantage
I'm not saying it's an issue at all. I just think one has to be quite nave to think it's simply an innocent good luck message for the final.
You were a grass in school doing this type of shit hahahha
PL fans definitely have a superiority complex though, anytime something is mentioned that doesn't happen in PL you get shit like 'they didn't do it in a real league'Farmer's league taxLa Liga tax etc
A bullshit call, but we've had even worse given against us. At least it equalises out with the horseshit a bit.
Obviously the three at the back from the 4 back has been the biggest change. On top of that our pressing and counter pressing has become much more organized than what Lampard had going. You can see when you watch them that when someone like mount presses a player, another one like Pulisic quickly tries to cut out any passing lane forcing them at the very least to go back. The wingbacks are quite flexible dependent on the game. Against lower leveled opposition the wingbacks essentially play as wingers. CHO is the prime example of that but when Reece plays he is quick enough to to cover bot grounds and usually sometimes tucks into midfield. The left hand side chillwell usually is the higher one up since mount or puli or Werner like to cut in when playing on that side. The outer center backs stay a little forward and press hard sometimes and the one at the middle is the furthest back. Almost like two stoppers and a sweeper. The midfield one midfield usually plays a deep holding role and the other pushes forward. When jorgi Kova are playing they take turns. When jorgi Kante are playing Kante pushes up and when kova Kante are playing they take turns but Kova stay back a little more. As for the front three, they press incredibly hard and usually switch positions around. Theres a lot of permutations up front and all of them play different roles based on the opposition.
No one dived for a pen this match.
Delusional
Same story as under Lampard, the underlying numbers were always good, the results never matched up.
You fucking cunt thats never a handball
Technically this is the correct ruling but thats absolute bollocks. What is this game now that thats a handball.
Kante in defense with his ball recovery has been MOTM this game. Well him and Christensen today.
This game really needs a goal...we really need a goal.
I regret leaving every time.
This entire comment chain reminds me of that meme.Author: Curtains were blue.Teacher: Author is indicating his mood which was that of sea which is turbulent and uncertain.What Author actually meant : the curtains were fucking blue
Why does Allison keep doing that lol
Sancho, Saka, Rashford
Stupid of Lemina to think VAR would allow him to have hands.
welcome to the internet 2021
chelsea players like they want to go and score. Robertson crossed the ball and 1 player was near, when Mendy picked it up, 2 more Liverpool players came running into show
Im glad this isnt a rule but I could kind of see the logic behind it... like a persistent infringement thing.
TUCHELS SON!!!
Ok it's a little too obvious with the Werner ball now...
I kinda understand your point, but is it really within the rules to draw the line from Werners elbow?
Yeah Liverpool might not make the CL I was fairly confident before this but this has been bad
I'm not judging, I'm sorry if that's how it came across. Just saying that personally, I wouldn't actively root against my team regardless of how I felt about a particular player or manager. Maybe it is because as you said, that my experience is entirely different to yours.
Hit the Tottenham + Chelsea ML.Woot
A bunch of us Redditors who can't run for 10 minutes straight, let alone 90, of course.
We'll give you 13k cos thats what you've turned him into
We're also in fourth, one point behind Brentford in second but with two games in hand.
Gotta admit Tuchels got it absolutely spot on tactically today. No space at the back for any Liverpool attacker. I dont think for a second theres any excuse for the handball from Kante not being a pen but then again, Werner just wasnt offside. VAR can fuck itself basically.
What is the interpretation youre saying is at work here that makes the rule unambiguous as applied?
Schrdinger's Handball. Its a handball for the attacking team but not the defending team. So if they score its no goal and if they dont its not a penalty. The attacking team might as well stop attacking because whats the point once its touched a hand?
That's exactly what I'm saying hahaha
Because the history books will show subs and not the result.
- Dan Ashworth to Graham Potter after training finishes.
Because it had too much power on it
Got no confidence in Chelsea getting a win tonight at all.
5-3 in the same fixture less than a year ago
Yeah, like, screw facts.
This is the Werner that haunts me on Fifa
They went all over South America, many were given plantations to start afresh in Brazil"Brazil took in between 1,500 and 2,000 Nazi war criminals, while between 500 and 1,000 settled in Chile. However, by far the largest numberas many as 5,000relocated to Argentina."n
You're not alone mate, delighted with Mount's goal but still fuming too
Kabak passing really well.
Taking off our best player on the pitch tonight great
Mane so lost he looked up after whiffing it 
My heart bleeds for you.
Do i need to quote my first reply to you? Because you seem to be struggling.
He was very underwhelming against Wolves and horrid for Chelsea since, he has absolutely not merited a starting spotSerious bias showing here
This has been the rule all year and is clearly the correct call. If you want to criticize the rule feel free, but it's been like this all year.
This is a very romantic idea about football. Players are professional and shouldn't give away anything for free
Draw it is
Yeah but im using that guys logic against him
Poor. Really good before his injury but since then hasnt fit in well at all. Can attribute it to the overall structure of the team being all over the place but yeah
Imagine the uproar mourinho would hve if this happened to hes side wow wee
I'm kinda scared if Newcastle get relegated. The Championship seems to get trickier every year and it seems easy for relegated teams to get stuck there now.
Jorgi just giving the ball away like he's socially distancing.
miguel gutierrez. Yet to make his debut, but he's making more hype in the castilla than reguilon or hakimi did, i'm not saying he'll succeed with us but certainly the one with the highest chance of making it.
What happened to the cheerleaders at Selhurst park?
Ah thats a shame, was expecting something different than the standard reddit joke
When Thiago Silva is back from injury, who does he replace in this backline? Normally you'd say Christensen but he's been absolutely quality in the last few games.
He's not Zlatan
VAR though
Mount's been easily the best player on the pitch tonight
They arent though. There are a lot of people in here who are focused on arguing about the decision, which is ridiculous.
Fuck sake Mane.
What a goal mount
He dreams of raising the MLS Cup.
As a spurs fan I gotta say - that is fucking ludicrous
Oof, off the line
Tbf I kinda agree with you, Id actually say the biggest difference is weve lost the naivety and openness we had under Lampard. Like the Atletico match last week we barely gave them a sniff, but under Lampard that game would have probably been more open.
yeah but Uwe Rosler wasn't an upper table PL striker and CL winner in a worldclass squad. But purely coaching-wise Im with you. Thats what is baffling to me, because his coaching skills actually matter even more than his vita if he is to win something longterm.
What does TAA actually bring to a team other than a dead ball?
Isn't this the exact definition of "Ball to hand" and not handball offense?
I think trophy wise most players from like 2000 onwards with loads of trophies played for Barca or Real and maybe won in a different league too before or afterwards. Most of the spanish guys that played for one of those teams also won with the national team.
hilarious how big team fans just assume its every good players life goal to join their specific club. "just get Donnarumma and Haaland, its not that hard".olympic levels of delusion.
Mount is 22. Kroos is just salty, cant blame him after such a loss.
ah I get your point .
Whos the rival?
If he does go I imagine he will be quite expensive as he's English and only 23 years old. 60m seems quite high but if he carries on his current trajectory I could see him being worth that.
Scott Brown
As the other guy said, an oversimplified analysis of 'progress', by a guy who seems to enjoy shitting on the club. Says a lot when he doesn't even post it on r/reddevils, here the other team fans will lap it up
Im just imagining the future of prototypical center backs having long ass arms that they flap up and down to get offside calls and attackers with super short T. rex arms in reply
we arent much better unless Zouma is on, then we are god
Personally I dont hate Tammy or anything and I would love to keep him around if possible but I dont want him to start for us in the future, hes a very good back up but we cant compete If hes our starting striker
Forlan won the World Cup Golden Ball and led Uruguay to their best World Cup campaign since 1970
No but you could easily displace Liverpool
Hardly a commendable effort either though
Nah theyve played ok, theyve been average around the box but they are getting in the right spots
I said there is a strong correlation between culture and distance haha You culture is more likely to be similar to places in your country than places on the other side of the world. Hardly a controversial statement
It's been the rule all year with numerous calls just like this.
Man just tried to buy a penalty and then when Chelsea defended well he just ran away from goal lmao
I think everyone has realize that
I remember Marcelo having the perfect opportunity to foul him, it blew my mind watching it live that no one did.
Tuchel is a far better manager and is fixing Chelsea one by one which wouldnt have been possible with Lampard. Against Atletico, they probably wouldve been destroyed under Lampard. Stop overrating Lampard who was a very clueless tactician and a terrible man manager.
You dont have to have world class players in every positon, just good backed up by amaizng. ButI mean, you stay delusional, i just get the feeling you think the England team is trash because theres not enough bin dippers in there and the one who always has a slot is now trash, nothing anyone says will help ..so im out...
/s - feel free to borrow it.
Ah Jota is back
Alisson is a good shot stopper. agree he's trash with feet though
Literally blocks a cross though, I see your point but the position of the arm makes it iffy
How the hell is that offside? I mean, I'll take it, but that's bullshit
If someone tries to criticise him, people will bring up the 3 CL achievement. This Real team with everyone fit is actually pretty good. They need to just work on their attack. At least good enough to win La Liga title and do well in CL.
So the only way Lemina could have avoided that call would have been to have his arm in an unnatural position...
Werner probably should have made contact there.
Only takeaway from this half is that Liverpool looks lost
You don't have to be German to recognize that they are killing German football culture.
Because it isnt an example. If a single united fan says that rashford is better than Messi one day and gets downvoted, Im not going to say United fans have become deluded lately lmao
Absolutely destroyed by Mount, Kante, Jorgi.
Generations change it is what it is. As long as they're able to look at things objectively it's all good.
I don't care if Jesus Christ himself plays as the DM but you can only get away with playing that midfield against much weaker teams.
Trent over Walker, lmao. Personally Id have Terry over Van Dijk. Captained his team to 3 league titles in that team, as well as a host of other domestic and European honours, and was still one of the best defenders in the league until 15/16.
Holy shit man Wtf was that Werner touch it flew above his head
But this speaks more of his technical ability to keep the ball under control at high speeds than this physical ability to run fast which isn't what OP was asking about
Should have used Asensio instead of Benzema tbf
You can't take the worst or 2nd worst team at spending in the world as an example. I can tell you to look at Bayern who won the sextuple while spending a fraction of what City spent, while losing some legends like Lahm, Ribery and Robben in the process.
Very natural position, very coolok, it would have been harsh - I don't think it should be a pen
We're not fascist, we're kleptocratic mate, get it right.
Bunch of Lampards ITT
and people wonder why players go down so easily.Mane was fouled in the box but stayed on his feet. It's a penalty.
I fucking love that Italy team, I watch the 2-0 against Germany at least once a year and still get goosebumps when Grosso scores. It was a proper team, it had consistent performers like Buffon, Cannavaro, Grosso and Pirlo but almost everybody in the side contributed at some point. Totti scored an incredibly high pressure penalty against Australia (miss and they play extra time with 10 men), Toni got the brace against Ukraine, Gilardino and Del Piero combined for the finishing goal against Germany, Matrix redeemed his red card and penalty with the goal, the headbutt and the shootout penalty in the final, De Rossi redeemed his red card with a penalty in the final, Iaquinta scored against Ghana, etc. That campaign is honestly like a movie, having to play that tournament in the aftermath of Calciopoli, with Nesta getting injured and fucking Materazzi coming in to "stabilise" the back line, getting over the line on multiple occasions with random players popping up and deciding games. Players getting injured, sent off, making mistakes and people always doubting them but at the end of the day they always pulled through for each other.
Jota with Salahs trunks on.
An absolute joke that's 5pts ahead of you 
Parker will be fucking raging if they dont get anything out of this, and rightfully so
Oh god it's Coote again
Finally, a man of culture
Stuttgart's current striker Kalajdzic is 2m tall
Good to see refs have gone back to using the letter of the law instead of subjectivity....
Firmino has played another 90 minutes. What the fuck is going on? Hed look shit in the Championship playing like this.
You think with fans Milan would do worse than Juve? Theyre already above Juve and I wouldnt have thought fans would make that much of a difference
Yeah it could deflect somewhere else but still that rule is just bad.
Forgive me for not believe that after watching your last 4 displays at home.
>but there are plenty of people who do switch clubsAnd no one takes them seriously, so who cares? It doesn't make a difference imo.
Should have named ourselves newcastle just for today and Liverpool would have continued being shit.
Were definitely not going to see a penalty for either team tonight
Is Davies still hurt? No Phillips either?
Salah FURIOUS at Klopp's sub snub, DEMANDS Madrid transfer.There, free headline for any S*N writers lurking in here
Hi. My dad has been getting into England Football ever since Everton aquired James Rodriguez. I am starting to get into England football as well and I have been following Everton and Chelsea. Is there anything I should know like stats, players or management?
The former
By your logic Chelsea should be above us as they have less injuries, so your point falls flat on its ass tbh
Lol what are you on about?
Are you daft?
Most football chants are just variants of pop songs to some degree. Some just stuck more than others
VAR can go fuck itself. Guess he should chop his fucking hand off, fuck me
Which again - is not true.
Yeah I said 'a defensive midfielder signing' so we'd have to buy one. If Pogba stays, buying a DM is so important in my opinion.
I'll copy what I said just below. >Yeah, but you could refine it more: if there was a way to quantify finishing ability and then sort of plug in "x player takes shot from here" and find out what the xG for that specific player in that situation is like. It's nigh impossible in practice, of course.The point is, we are left to draw that conclusion from what is basically a flawed predictor which has scope to be refined more.
OkayHahahahahahhaha
Mount - "close me down"All of Liverpool - "cba lol"
Werner did nothing wrong but I guess if he can't hold a ball that had way too much power on it it's his fault.
The two aren't comparable. This incident is described to a tee in the new handball rules. There's no interpretation required. Which is the exact problem with the rule.
Thats the attacker, not the defender.
Yeah definitely, should be a good, competitive game.Played well today too
I mean it's been a very clear improvement and that's rightfully acknowledged. I doubt anyone said they're the best team in the league or some shit like that.
"Where would Chelsea be without Mount" feels now like "Where would United be without Fernandes"Also I'm in disbelief that Liverpool hadn't learned to fall deeper, they were getting their lid blown off all night
Hes usually playing with his cup-and-ball at this time
gets the best out of his players. got an extremely old ac milan back to glory for a short time in the early 10s (won serie a once + 2 top 3 finishes).
No, but from the sounds of this reddit, everybody against antifa is a facsist. Like Antifa can't do anything wrong, which they clearly do since Biden condemned the action of some of them
They arrived at Messi after having held the believe Maradonna is the greatest **for decades**. They would never change that believe even if there was an actual football messiah on the pitch.Go visit your Grandpa (virtually of course) and try to change any believe he's had for that long. About football, about razors, about beer, about foreigners. It's not going to happen.
Werner absolutely terrifies me until he has the ball at his feet. His movement and press is world class but man the technical ability is just not there under his current confidence
Top banter tbf
Its nice to be playing the UCL match in Budapest.
People complain about players being boring personalities and this is why, nothing Kroos or Mount has said in this is even mildly controversial and yet people are getting offended and overreacting.
fucking hell
It's not concious, but it is arbitrary. Whatever reasoning I give for me being a Madrid fan, I did in the end make an arbitrary choice to support them, because I really have no connection to the city or the club otherwise. It's just how things played out. Maybe under different circumstances of how I was introduced to football, I might have "become" a fan of a different club, and those would still be arbitrary reasons, regardless of how I felt. Whatever, I don't think the label should bother anyone in the first place, so I don't see why it matters.
It's embarrassing that the people who run this club have no winning ambition. SAF is still the member of the board I don't know he copes with all this
doesn't get more Brexit than that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWIUp19bBoA
They'll need to win a corner for that
Lars and Sven Bender
Cant tell if our coach is Thomas Tuchel or Year 1 Antonio Conte
The poor girl.
He's absolutely consistent no matter who he plays against.
Do people in this thread really not understand that the handball rules are different for attacking players and defenders? I'm as angry as anyone about that goal being disallowed but the situations are not comparable in the slightest
Why should we love them? What for? No Champions league trophy for 3 years now, no trophies this season.
Well we are watching a different game clearly so there is no point arguing. He hardly got the ball, gave some good passes to Werner, lost the ball a couple times too. Mediocre match from him overall tho. Nothing wrong with his attitude or his workrate.
Plus I think he deserved a Ballon d'Or, at least in 2010.
Jozo Simunovic tackle on Kenny Miller
he is inherently shit
Ah, poor Lemina. Breaks my heart that it could happen to such a fine guy.
Pulisic actually shadow realmed lmao
puffff tell me about it I miss this Atmosphere River final libertadores
Good decision from Tuchel to pick Werner. Chelsea will need an outlet against Liverpool's press and Giroud wouldn't offer key runs in behind the last line into open spaces
Striker Milner is here
Reddit is weird
Put some respec on Daddy UltimateCFs name 3
Reckon we would have made a fairly good All or Nothing candidate this seasonMesut situation Saliba situation Fuckery with Partey at the close of the transfer windowOur diabolical league and cup form (barring Europa)Edit: Oooooo and that period in time where the gaffer went stat mad. Would have been peak entertainment
Azpi is back to being a beast at CB One of the best 3atb defenders Ive ever seen
It is according to the rules.
That's not even a word and I agree with you
2 absolutely shocking refereeing decisions today
I dont plan on, those who did have already been banned by our mods from r/realmadrid and at the same time from their own sub so the jokes on them Just wanted to put this comment out here because their actions are extremely immature, and I dont even understand them lmao
I don't think the Haaland - Sancho kiss scene is high up in gay bayern fans wish list
i reckon 5 out of nowhere
Jurgen "Gegenpressing" Klopp's team immediately surrendering the ball everytime they get slightly pressed. Kinda ironic.
Shaw at LB if Cancelo is playing RB. Also Bruno.
Unironically the best team in Spain, basically just because of Messi but some credit has to be given to Koeman.
Liverpool are favourites if they set up in their typical 4-3-3. They'll simply have more chances but you obviously have to account for the fact that CHE will play out of Liverpool's press on occasion & they will have settled periods of possession & they have some goals in the XI.
Saw this on IG; where do you think Inter, Juventus and Milan would finish if they were in the Premier League?
next level pass
Abraham would without a doubt be an upgrade on Martial
HOW FUCKIN STUPID DO YOU HAVE TO BE TO RULE THIS A HANDBALL?
Tuchel.
How can you say that's a handball.
We had a 5-3 six months ago in the league.
Excited for tonight's match which can only mean a dreadful 0-0 with yet anothe ref/var talking point to overshadow the poor performance from both sides.Let's go babyyy
Started 2-0 up, given a penalty, and still couldn't win.
Salah is doing so much and Mane is just useless
Ref helped Spurs. If it was Arsenal, the goal would've counted /s obviously
We got that call against us 3 times this season, so dont call us lucky
Likable, not that i like, sorry i upset your messiah
What views
You can because it's different rules for attackers and defenders.
HahahaMy point is that I'm not claiming to have German culture as a whole, I just embrace the values that the club stands for.
You misspelled Robertson
Ah, promising attacking talents one of the most exciting things about being a football fanSorry about that, always incredibly frustrating when talented youngsters arent given a path to the first team
Oh god, Philly is Stoke, isn't it.
I never see Juventus, Real Madrid, PSG, Barcelona etc fans banging on about Chelsea, however I constantly see Bayern fans doing it. That can only lead me to think that there is a section of you still not over 2012 for whatever reason. It's pretty tiresome.
#OMFG MOUNT YOU BEAUTIFUL BEING
His actual second yellow was unfair but he should've been sent off a lot earlier anyway
Were they looking for goals?
he was a Rugby international player for Italy.
German fetish
Unlimited subs.
He has an agenda but I'm yet to see him with incorrect arguments. Remove his flair and he makes a lot of sense.
Youre overdoing the bait, anyone can tell youre not actually a Real fan
Our players looked heartbroken
He's a kid.
Why not tho
On current form:LenoShawGabrielPogbaSakaRashford
I miss the matchday experience so much. Wanna go have a few pints before the game, get to the ground and celebrate a goal with the fat bloke who always wears the same replica kit from 1997.
You got a loisence for saying "having arms without a loisence"?
Yes top defender, next Van Dijk. Normally wed sell him for 30mil but just for you u/Free-Bartomeu, 20mil will do
Im ready to be irrational and say some ridiculous shit if we win because of Jota
I was coming to say the same thing haha cracked me up
Lemina had his arms to his side where else could they have been? Shouldnt have been ruled out
Tough call but Bilbao, imo. Idk, it's hard to point what one team has over the other by a significant margin.
You know when defenders hold their arms behind their back to avoid handballs? Cant wait to see forwards running around like penguins trying not to get called offside
Chelsea should buy Lukaku, shocker there. I am sure he will come back this time. Inter/China got no money..
Hoping Chelsea smack em aboot all over the gaff and all their players cry
I am serious, look at this: https://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/dec/13/wolves-world-champions-honved-molineux-hungary-wembley we have more major trophies than half the Prem teams as well so I think I'm justified.
Neville was a leader figure for us too - he'd still get his head caved in if he spoke to Keane like that.
not if you go by spurs vs fulham
What a joke
Fuck are you talking about? I'm watching Being Sports btw. Which were they only talked good about Chelsea.
Not really, its a fair argument, since they could be the root of the issue in this situation at the team.
Reecey is destroying Mane ahaha
Disgusts me when players react like that for a penalty when if reversed they'd be livid it went against.
I'd love to see Everton in Europe tbh, and this is the best year to get there.
It causes diabetes too, but the fact that people drink thay cowpiss is not RB Leipzig's fault.
How is congratulating for reaching the final toxicity? LOL how dare he be a good sport.
I like this.
i cant see why Ole should keep his job after this
No clue why this comment is so funny but I found it fucking hilarious, lmao.
He wants to be Leeds
Now i want that to happen.
VAR is fucked to beyond now. None of them know how to use it!
What the fuck?!?!
I'm predicting a draw, but I'm not exactly hopeful of it happening.
Proper scouting
I swear Mane is carved out of granite. Players just bounce off him.
WELCOME TO THE PREM.WHERE THE RULES DON'T MATTER AND THE REFS MAKE IT UP AS THEY GO.
Especially when the frame is never 100% exact when the ball was kicked.
First shot on target!
Well we were optimistic about this game so thats the hangover right there lol
Still not sure how the United one wasn't a pen though? This one makes sense since he was so close when it was hit, that wasn't the case with CHO
Right decision to be fair wake up cal that though
I mean this is objectively wrong you silly fucker
Hahahaha Salah off are you fucking mad
This is easily my new favourite stat. Who knew that Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink could even juggle bowling balls.
Fans packed into the stadium...I dont know why more teams dont try more quick free-kicks, corners and throws. I know the ref sometimes tells them to wait but thats really just from free-kicks.
Absolutely not, its an unnatural position and he fucking hi fives the ball.
smh can't believe anyone likes a dictator, wonder what kind of schools you lot went to
4m to sack Bruce. Have to appreciate the geniuses running this football club that they'll take a relegation to save 4m
When we beat Chelsea 2-0 in his first match
Dead ham spursing
Not sure a 1st vs 2nd local derby match up has ever felt less interesting to me than united city.
Fuck that Liverpool fan saying they dont press anymore! Gave me a false hope!
I'm gonna assume they were blow outs
Aye, when he came back he was lucky not to get a few red cards just from sloppy challenges, lunging in from behind and earning too many yellows. Of late it just feels we've no central creativity, so everything is easy to defend when it's waiting on a full back to cross. None of the forwards seem to really be working out wide either, so defensively it's just very narrow and simple to play against us. Really weird time
No they don't?? The attacking handball rule is completely different from the defending one. An attacking handball is ALWAYS a handball no matter how close, how natural, whatever. If it touches any part below the sleeve line for an attacking play, it's a handball. Defense is FAR more subjective and open ended for various reasons.
Simeone and Flick.
Did VAR check his sleeves? Could be offside /s
You cant score directly from a throw so kick-ins would have to be taken like indirect free kicks
Jamie Redknapp throwing TAA under the bus
At this rate probably neither.
Talks yes and Gini has been listening to the offers but seems like the numbers dont match. I think the club either wants to give long contract with smaller wage or shorter contract with higher wage, since he is almost 30.
And Uwe did much better than Ole in England, and did well with Malmo.Uwe is a *massive* cult hero at City, I don't think you understand how well liked he is here.Sacking Mourinho wasn't the problem. Hiring Ole when you could've got Poch is.
No, you understood wrong. Equity ratio means how much of the money you have is equity, and how much of it is debt capital. So by doing the equity swap, the lowered the debt of the club by 100m, and made them into equity. So let's say in veeeery easy and simplified terms that they had a capital of 258m. The club had 8m own money and the rest (250m) was borrowed from other parties (so debt). Now Red Bull said we lower your debt you owe us by 100m by saying it's your money now (so their equity is 108m), and thus their debt lowers at the same time to only (150m). That's basically what happened.
I fucking HATE the refs here
Smh, he's as bad as hazard. If he cared he would have cried all night.It seems needed so /s
Selke propaganda is working beyond the Bundesliga flairs, I see this as an absolute success.
I thought their current manager was doing a good job
9/12/18
pretty sure they changed that rule after last season
This might be revisionism but I always felt like Lovren did much better in some of the biggest games compared to games against worse teams. Obviously the highlight was his winning goal vs Dortmund in that crazy comeback during our EL run.
He broke the goal record, for me hes a no go since he didnt fall off a cliff
Long may Ole stay
So one shit decision that was dodgy in a different game means you have to give it here? You don't just give bad decisions to keep up for consistency sake, you stop making the shit decisions in the first place.
hoping for a draw with lots of controversy
Getting a 0-0 against the top 6 isn't for everyone!
To quote Ferguson he could have killed him
Yeah zil just fucked up some ligaments in his ankle and had to be stretchered offIt's not exactly been a perfect stint at Fener for him so far
Fast sources of information about whats going on in the world.
You act like hes not been part of the problem too
>Unless you're English, you have no legitimate reason to hate Manchester City / Chelsea and you're just jumping on a bandwagon.Pretty much yes. Roman changed the English game when he came in an started throwing around his wallet. City skirted the rules and became a trophy winning machine. Why would you care about either if you're Andalucian or a Bulgarian? What they did was to the detriment of the English league. It has no bearing on your life if you don't follow the Premier League.
Correct call, but an absolutely absurd rule
End me. Cursed team. Absolutely cursed.
But at least where your foot starts and ends is undisputed. Using the sleeve just gives them a chance to be out by the mm that gets them called offside. And as I said, the pedantic ness of moms isnt my main gripe, its how a striker leaning towards goal now disadvantages them. Using feet would give attackers the advantage, and regardless of who we support, Im sure wed all rather see more close calls given than taken away. Im sure 90% of all the offside by the sleeve decisions this season would have been given as a goal if they went by foot position
Its 4 degrees, practically sunbathing weather up here
He beat Real Madrid in the CWC final, too. It's one of the very few European finals that Real's lost.
Feel a bit bad for Billy too then
Its not given a pen the other way round because the rules are different for attackers in the lead up to a goal.
Just another way to turn Reddit into Facebook.
Pulisic about to do a foden 2.0...
Well yeah, he has nothing to prove lolWhy people are all up in arms about this is beyond me but ey
https://youtu.be/7ff0_YEX8-kWatch from 01:00. Nasty ass tackle.
Delicious tears
Uhhh, I don't know anymore man
Fucking hell how complicated are arms that you need ten twenty thirty fucking lines to figure them out lmaoo
Knew he was an xG nonce, glad we didn't sign him. Dodged a bullet there.
Listen flair aside youre told to defend with your arms beside you not up
Sacked in the Morning.No way klopp survives 5 losses in a row at home
Don't...
It's not a penalty, you're right, the rules are different for different situations. I hate it for that reason. However, the rule says if it touches an arm at all, no matter how accidental, it's then a handball if it creates a goalscoring opportunity.
He's his own entire bias eh
It's impressive how shit VAR actually manages to be.
the 100 comment thread above is hilarious, people reading WAAAAAY too much into this lol. Just a nice reminder this place is basically no better than the other platforms people here love to shit on.
What is going on with the handball rule now? Do you have to actually pick the ball up and throw it for to be given?
Haha, basically you get a month of Reddit Premium (which includes removal of ads!) and 700 coins to spend on awards.
hi>`The pressure is on but Arteta has had some bad luck. Arsenal seem to think the hierarchy that Arteta is part of the solution, not a key part of the problem and there is a lot else that needs to change at the club. I think it would be fair in the eyes of the hierarchy to allow Arteta this summer transfer window and possibly longer to prove that he can be a success at Arsenal. And so I dont think his position is under threat despite the intense pressure` Ornstein Tier 1
When was the last time he played? Feels like it's been ages.
Liverpool won a champions league final by doing exactly that.
Held r1 for the finesse finish.
This isnt hot. Its whats most likely to occur. Just seems hot because of the circle jerk around the injuries
You were saying? lol
I kind of think even by the spirit of the rules that should be a pen.Don't be waving your arms around in the box like a chicken.
I cant be the only one who thinks Walkers not that good, or at least not better than Shaw
Well start with your fanbase making a whole meme post about Upa chosing Bayern over you lol, was even the top post
Should honestly have 3 or 4 tonight, finishing has been poor aside from Mount.
Except that theres no contact?
I cant for the life of me understand why someone would say de Gea > Leno.
It redirects to nowhere fella
FC Toro Rosso
Now thats a beautiful goal 
Imo manager pull only exists for us if we finish outside the top 4
Imagine still rating Firmino...
So will Liverpool break their record of 4 consecutive loses at home today?
Jota please come on second half.
Because you edited your comment?
Even worse are the foreign fans who call Liverpool fans "bin dippers". I haven't heard anyone call Liverpool fans that, in real life, for years now. I don't mind foreigners supporting English teams but, the "I have to fit in by spouting off about stuff I know nothing about" mentality from foreign fans is very off putting and is the biggest reason why people here take the piss out of them.
Didnt watch the full game. Saw the penalty incident. Clear as day pen.
It has been posted 3000 times already and were only 10 hours through the day
Which doesn't matter according to the rules. Should absolutely be a penalty if the rules are applied correctly.
Entertaining match so far!
After dismissing claims of racism you definitely can hate him.
This is the same as Llorente vs City except the rules got changed in between, lucky Spurs!
Well no but we were very comfortable
Great ball striking ability and great pace and good dribbling takes you a long way in this sport
I mean his hands were higher than his head
how can anyone look at that and say its a pen. its booted at kantes hand from a yard away ffs
How the fuck is an arm offside? You can't even score with it?? What a fucking JOKE.
hey, YOU arent supposed to say that
He's been awful this season.
Non-PL thread existing doesn't mean this thread is solely for PL, though. Most people still prefer this one for discussions about major clubs & leagues as it is much busier here.I never expected a good title race or relegation battle this season honestly so I am content with having an interesting CL race. Looking forward to seeing how top eight (except City) will fare towards the end of the season. Will United remain in second? Will Leicester eventually start getting points again and cement their position in top four? West Ham, Everton, Tottenham, Liverpool, Chelsea... So many possibilities for European spots and great room for banter still.
i wouldnt either, but finishing third in a group with barca and dortmund in your first season isnt the end of the world. this season was much worse.
oh, yeah, you're right. I forgot the one with Bayern. Jesus...the guy kind deserves being smug. He earned it, and his career isstill not over, he might get more
Replace foreign with 'plastic'. That's what I meant. That's good and all but how about you reply to the rest of my comment? Because by the looks of it, you just have a problem with stupidity, but you're not mature enough to recognize that not all plastics say those kinds of things, or that locals don't say those kinds of things.Why can't you call it what it is: stupidity? Instead of saying, and I quote, "Plastics are bad to the normal fan"
We are pretty bad recently
lol, good shit
Rather optimistic appeal from Werner there
Wolves
Mount with the kamehameha
Remember lads, just 3 days (well 2 now) Derbysieger, Derbysieger, hey, hey!
Valencia vs Ajax Getafe vs Barcelona
How are we now into 2021 and people are *still* saying "Fuck VAR" etc. for stuff like this.  The VAR did it's job here, it correctly checked the goal against the law of the game. This isn't a VAR issue.   It's the offside laws of the game that are bullshit and need to be updated to work better with the finer margins that VAR provide.
Fair point on the chance mate, but his first touch has been horrendous so far & has ruined at least 2 or 3 fairly dangerous chances for you.
WHAT A GOAL HAZARD ESQUE
Rudiger looks reborn
Again like I said, its just about how much we know how to do right now. In the past we were unable to calculate weather in terms of downfall and wind speed, nowadays were only getting more accurate for forecasts 3 or 4 days in the future.The same is true of football. The truth is, data exist everywhere. Our world is made up of it, every action and event a response to another one. And in the future, well only know more and more of it.
what the fuck
because they can
Well Kroos and now Mount both reached their first UCL final Kroos lost his at 22.So...what level does Mount need to get on?
just cut your arm off bro
And then you woke up
>      Cavani                   Cavani  >   Pogba - Bruno - Rashford         Rashford - Bruno - New RW  >   New DM - Fred/Scotty             New DM - PogbaEh yeah, I guess it's a matter of perspective. I would be more comfortable playing the team on the right against weaker sides who primarily sit back. I feel like if you play a double pivot with Pogba in it against any of the top clubs then you're just asking to get overrun.The team on the left works better against the bigger clubs. Though there seems to be somewhat of a dilemma, because if we get a new RW then where does Rashford go? Rashford is someone who shines in the big games when he has space but if Pogba is fit then you play him. Can't be in a double pivot, so he goes to the left wing. Would you be comfortable with the lineup on the right against any of the top 6, or in the latter stages of the CL or the EL? I feel like that midfield could even be somewhat of a risk against the likes of Everton, Leicester, Southampton or Leeds so it's not just the big sides only but pretty much half the league.
Keep up the propaganda brother
Look at who you support though. Judge others once you've had to watch BruceBall every week for a few years.
People really need to learn the rules. The Fullham goal isnt remotely the same thing.
Yeah, that desicion was bullshit.
beautiful
I'd argue Fernandinho's had a more prolonged period of playing at his peak, Kante only really had 3 seasons between 2015 and 2018. Whether you rate Kantes peak as higher and more impact full is a different debate.
We have too many men forward for this fk - gotta be careful
'90 Lincoln Red Imps 3-1 St Joseph'sGoal: JuanfriAssist: Nano
Whoever of the two has at least taken a high school course in statistics.
Not sure how any of what you said correlates to the child bit
Ffs Sadio haha
A long as it doesnt lead to a goal it goes by vibes, just vibes.
With there being no fans, player celebrations have been very unenthusiastic unless it's like a late goal or a very important game. Sometimes players barely even celebrate. Football without fans really is shit.
Well clearly show how well the defences have gotten over the years
There will still be pedantic millimetre calls regardless of what body parts you use. Sometime it's the arm of the defender that's actually playing the attacker on. Those would now be offside.
Do you think Messi is the greatest football player of all time?
God you sound dumb 
It's at times like this that I think man, we might be shit but at least we aren't arsenal shit.
>where we've seen them not perform until he cameOne match, against Betis. Did you know we're unbeaten without Messi in the team?
Who am I? I have played withMartin braithwaite, Dele alli, Yunus Malli, John O'Shea, keiren Westwood, Zack Steffen, eden Hazard, Patrick Bamford, Milot rashicaIf you wanna know the answer: look at the first-letters randomly written small
Yes, a sliding tackle in our penalty box when we are defending a set piece by lamela directly landing on gales face and the ball going into the back of the net.
I don't know why but it makes me a bit happier knowing that everybody else found that game as hilarious as I did. Just the sheer inevitability of it coupled with the fact that Benteke scored a fucking volley right at the death to win it.
I don't want to see a repeat of Pulisic or Ziyech at striker, and Giroud means we can't stretch the defense.
It's harsh and I don't agree with it but this is the change people screamed about after the Llorente goal against City. Any contact with the hand/arm that results in a goal is a handball. Doesn't matter the context.
it's called a whole new world though, and brave new world is a fabulous social critique that gets teached in many schools therefore.
I have no fucking clue what offside is anymore
We've got a few decently versatile players.. Pedri (CM, LW), Dembele (LW, RW, ST), Messi (RW, ST, CAM), Frenkie (DM, CM, CAM), Griezmann (ST, LW, RW), Sergi Roberto (RB, RW, CM), Mingueza (CB/RB)Man City is probably up there with you guys though
Not watching but did Loz say that?
Me neither, they have been better than their first half though.
Foden on left wing and probably Bernardo on right wing imo
It's not about this call. It's about the inconsistency. Wake up mate.
It's not just this season
Really would like to see Havertz come in. Guess as player like him could have a good time against this Liverpool team and the way we play. Also that would be a sign he is still alive and able to play football.
Coz they're dicks
Thiago is overrated.
It's a different criterion to penalties. If it directly leads to a goal, then any contact with the hand/arm is judged as handball.
- The three consecutive champions league winner.Would have been fucking savage if he wrote this under his tweet
Its not just ronaldo, guys like Kanu, Drogba in particular made the PL super popular in Africa. Theres a reason chelsea have such a huge social media following. Facebook was becoming huge around the time chelsea were fighting for titles.
The technique of Werner is hilarious
What happened to Breel Embolo? I remember him being hyped up a lot a few years back but I can't remember the last time I heard about him
What to do with diving?That Italian team didn't play negative football.
Mane with the No Look Miss
Ngl those VAR lines told me nothing there
2nd, 3rd and 4th
Bang on
Tbf nobody knows. A lot of this issue is down to confidence. We looked good even after van Dijk's injury, before Jota's injury. Throughout 2020 it looked okay. 2021 has been dogshit though.
If anything Roslers actually more experienced (both in England and overall) than OGS.
incredible analysis to discover that football fans are biased. who wouldve thought!!
Since the guys okay with it I'll let it stay up
Wheres that klopp excuse bingo?Be nice to hear him blame his own bizzarre subs.
actually i bring up laliga because that was without ronaldo and a tactically very opposite team.I mean the fact that we're still competing with having to start mariano and vazquez in so many games just shows how good the team is.
What the fuck, it was smashed at him for 2 yards out and his hand is totally to his side, if his arms were above his head it would have been better, what a laod of bullshit
is that your local team before identifying which club to support next?
Im so happy Im a Forest Green Rovers fan. Its such a great club.
Next you're going to tell me that Morgan Rogers isn't English.
Is this r/soccer's version of "AITA"?
Love the 'controversial' marker on this. Guessing not everyone got the reference lol.
I feel like all Ziyech does is try hollywood balls, which yeah when they eventually come off lead to great chances and look fantastic, but he spends all game wasting possession trying them.
I saw that goal the other day and I had the same thought. It just depresses me to see our stadium empty, think the team really needs the support from the fans at this moment.
Werner probably does become a decent scorer but that's not even the main problem with him.He has no first touch, he over/underhits most of his passes and he can't reliably beat a man. This wouldn't be a massive problem if he was playing at striker, but he can't do that. So you have to use a winger spot on someone who's very limited technically. Ziyech was our best player before he got injured and overall, he hasn't been "bad" this season. His 5.73 SCA/90 is 3rd best in the league. His 0.75 GCA/90 is 6th best in the league. He's just been rusty after coming back from injury, not to mention he came back to a new manager and system.Havertz, who knows what to make of him yet. I don't think we've seen enough to make a conclusion either way.
need to get better security then
The real Werner is back boys
Been on the other side of it so many times I find it hard to care about this one lol
Pogbas next haircut?
They seem to be doing pretty shit. Might be a good time to get them.
He does have the most trophies by number, but that doesn't take their "weight" into account
I actually forgot about Jota initially if I'm honest. I do think Mane is on the downward curve though
Amazing fucking ball from kante
Man why does everyone including commentators & fifa ratings believe Sevilla is so good... U beat a team whos 4th in La Liga whos best player is an Olympique Marseille reject take it easy fam.
It think Fred can be a very good starting DM, even for a team that wants to win the league. He needs a right coach, someone who can actualy drill into him the patterens required for transitioning the ball into midfield.
Yeah no doubt its incredibly stupid. But VAR is not to blame here. PGMOL is.
I've seen this exact same comment yesterday
Chelsea pensioners on the bench. Get them some Bovril.
Rodri is one of the best DMs right now. He's the unsung hero of this 21 game run. Him over Pogba.
And spent a ton on Lemar, atleti have had some very bad buys in the past few years
Ya I suppose the yes man part of it could be a factor, but as a business man youd think he'd have the intelligence to look past that.
Probably
Using your RB as a second winger is a good way to end up needing 2 goals.
It's an arsenal fan, probably changed flair to City as a show of support of sorts for the CL final against Chelsea
As if Thiago is to blame for our issues
Liverpool hanging on. Alisson should've caught it
Niall Quinn was a fairly tall bloke wasn't he?
On TV just started 58th minute
Mount has been the best player on the pitch. Well deserved. Fuck HH.
Where was his arm supposed to otherwise be? In the air?
Allison sadly
God Liverpool need a proper striker badly
It was on Werner because of the massive armpit advantage
Gnabry is pretty good but he becomes world class in big games
this was a handball and kante wasn't, cool
Only 2/10 Peps. Needed far more good
Celtic Park (Scotland)Ibrox Stadium (Scotland)Murrayfield Stadium (Scotland)Hampden Park (Scotland)Dont care about the rest
Classy dig
Yes but VAR did
Same with Rashford when Liverpool played UnitedTAA couldn't handle him either. He's great for offence but a liability in defence
There could be a few reasons, first, they are both current internationals and posterboys for the German NT. It's pretty common for people to stick up for their employer if it means they stay in the good books. Not only just for NT selection, but so they don't burn bridges within the game. You don't know the extent of the networks, if they get branded as trouble-makers it might harm their prospects post-playing career.Second, Ozil accused the NT of not supporting him. Neuer is the captain, his job as captain should be to speak up for his fellow players. If he did know about it and didn't do anything then he is essentially part of who the accusation was leveled at. Of course he would deny it because it is essentially partly against him. Muller the same to a lesser extent because he still has influence. They *are* the establishment and acknowledging racism damages their own reputation and legacy.Thirdly and similar to the first point, I'm sure sponsors wouldn't love someone wading into this. You could argue that some players have merged activism with their brand and it has probably helped them Rashford, Sterling etc.. That does not usually apply though and I suspect the only reason it worked is because they hit the exact right notes at the right time and they were already super marketable because they're cool, exciting up and comers. Ozil's stock was falling at that point, would Nike really be interested in a after-the-fact acknowledgement of racism from his team mates? Not likely, but getting into the shitshow might cause sponsors to look at them as less reliable.tl;dr footballers do better if they stay quiet off the pitch and back up their employers. I don't know the full extent of the debate or issue, just pointing out why they might not be reliable.
Salah did nothing. Mane's been poor but got into some positions in the first half
Hudson odoi hand balled in an unnatural position in his own box against united and they used interpretation of the law. Here a ball gets booted at his arm and there's no wiggle room. They have to know they've completely fucked the rules of the game for all of us.
lenotierneydont care enough about either to notice their existence pogbasakarashford bc hed be a good pm
The ball touches Lemina's arm below the t-shirt line. Accidentally or not, it then directly led to a scoring opportunity. It's hand ball however shit the law is. With VAR it's going to get called every time.
Yea you could argue he couldn't make his body any bigger.
I saw a couple of local Liverpool fans here saying that Anfield would be a nightmare at a World Cup because of logistics and that Evertons new ground would be a much better option
Excited to watch 1. FC Liverpool vs Borussia Chelsea
City's on par.Cancelo (anywhere), Walker (RB, CB, GK), Laporte (CB, LB), Ake (CB, LB, DM), Fernandinho (DM, CM, CB), Zinchenko (LB, CM, DM), Gundogan (CM, DM, AM, F9), Bernardo (CM, AM, RW, LW, F9), Foden (CM, AM, LW, RW, F9), KDB (RW, CM, AM, F9) and then Sterling, Jesus, Mahrez, Torres (LW, RW, ST/F9).
I mean I don't go to your sub, but from what I've seen and utd fans I know people are very protective of him. The kid has a massive reputation and is very talented so it's no surprise he is highly rated
Sick of these agendas
How are they not reliable sources when they all have been playing with zil in the national team for years? The DFB apologized for not protecting zil better but that was mostly about the whole Erdogan situation and he received a lot of abuse from the german fans not players in the national team.
Show me a better comeback than this. Well done, Toni and Mason. That was fun.
Chelsea
Lucky or most consistent decisions ?
Would've been funnier if he wasn't offside
I was referencing the pregame interview of him talking about Werner.
Wheres Ben Davies?
Fulham Spurs or West Brom Everton? Which one's likely to be a more fun watch?
WTF Werner! Is he lost cause?
shouldve ended with 'you look like an armadillo lol'
a few teams in norway has done this before the season (which hopefully starts next month), will be interesting to see how it works out
Made a good DVD though, can't lie.
Not sure I think Sudan might be slightly worse
Liverpool are not on the same wavelength
Calculated
I never doubted you Werner
woolwich well and truly in the mud you love to see it
West Ham confirmed the biggest club in London mathematically
Yeah they hang out now apparently
Its pure maths iconic
Almost happened in the 93rd minute. Goal was annuled however
Zaha and Saka
hes not implying that, hes saying that without his mentality ronaldo wouldnt be on that levelalso its 5 CLs
Really awful stuff, could have been a huge point for Fulham
The worst thing is that it's the right decision according to rules
Except I wasnt making the comment in reaction to anything just in general. To be honest most football fans are goldfish and will only really remember whatever the most recent game was
Zinchenko and De Bruyne. Doesn't help that their numbers look similar
Haha it is actually quite funny because he won so much, La Liga title becomes +addons.
who will it be this time? keita again?
Fulham had a goal disallowed not a pen call
World class that.
Liverpool's possession play in this new system is really good. They have a double pivot offering a numerical advantage in the build-up, options between the lines and out wide, and Trent playmaking from a deep right back position. Off the ball they're compact in all phases too.
PL scouts gonna hit the Paralympics.
Wow....fucking bullshit call
Thats disgraceful
proper Kroos response
That is actually pathetic lmao
Pep is in a tier of his own. Behind that are Klopp and Simeone. Then the rest.
my favorite news posts are ones that go like "X team has decided to sign Y" like dam it's that easy?
Dier is still the cover story for handballs, so I can very much sympathize
You can't change the offside laws. They're absoutes, you either are or you aren't.
Still enough time to delete this.
Better take it again with the dog in the background.
Think he slots in over Rudiger or Azpi very easily.
Why? Someone showing support for queer people is better than no one showing support
Say good bye to all the Liverpool flairs 
I wish football TV directors would stop switching to other cameras in the middle of play. Most of the time it just ends up being a bad shot that just confuses the watcher.
REF SHOULD GO TO JAIL! Wtffff
Can't blame VAR for shit rules
Neither. The PL is crap at the moment
i think if its that close, they have a ref just flip a coin
It's the Argentine fans who are telling us that he's the best thing in the world. I saw someone even say that he's the best Argentine manager better than Simeone, Pochettino, Bielsa
Calvert Lewin is an old school poacher
this is getting more true day by day
It shouldn't be, I agree with you. But the rules have been applied all season in a way that's seen it called a dozen times or more, including against us.
with the ball, yes. not after 10 metres probably but thats not really the important factor. cristiano ronaldo is probably almost as fast as mbappe over 50 metres, but thats not whats important, acceleration and dribbling speed, agility is. in those three ronaldo nazario is closer to messi than to mbappe.
Absolute joke that
Love how even United fans are saying thats a pen haha
That's coz mount is everywhere tbh
Klopp and Hassenhutl ?
Ok. Well I think youre going to have a closer connection to a club in your own country than to one thousands of miles away.Theres a good correlation between being local by distance and being local as in similar values / culture
VARcastle United
I am watching one right now.
Lol. Did you watch any of games past two season?
Yeah, so all the people complaining about the decision and downvoting me are just exposing their lack of understanding of the rules. Its actually clear as day. I think there needs to be more nuance to it, because this goal should theoretically stand, but it has to be disallowed under this rule.
A draw with 3 red cards each. Preferably the back 3 for each team.
First?
Those clubs kick about 20 players Donaruma's age out every year. They all get released with absolutely 0 remorse.
Says you lmao
Entirely correctly applied rule:Handling the ballFor the purposes of determining handball offences, the upper boundary of the arm is in line with the bottom of the armpit.**It is an offence if a player**: * deliberately touches the ball with their hand/arm, including moving the hand/arm towards the ball* scores in the opponents goal directly from their hand/arm, even if accidental, including by the goalkeeper* **after the ball has touched their or a team-mates hand/arm, even if accidental, immediately:**  * scores in the opponents goal  * **creates a goal-scoring opportunity*** touches the ball with their hand/arm when:  * the hand/arm has made their body unnaturally bigger  * the hand/arm is above/beyond their shoulder level unless the player deliberately plays the ball which then touches their hand/armThe above offences apply even if the ball touches a players hand/arm directly from the head or body including the foot of another player who is close.Except for the above offences, it is not an offence if the ball touches a players hand/arm:  * directly from the players own head or body including the foot  * directly from the head or body including the foot of another player who is close * if the hand/arm is close to the body and does not make the body unnaturally bigger * when a player falls and the hand/arm is between the body and the ground to support the body, but not extended laterally or vertically away from the body
imagine thinking we will score lol
Its fully against the body, how does that follow the rule
PGMOL could never admit how shit they are
Now one random no life idiot on internet will send him death wishes and everyone will defend referees. Its really baffling that week in week out English refereees are embarassing themselves like this
Yeah depth is awful. Need a RB and a CM. Pickford is still erratic despite recent form.We get a few injuries and our team is pretty meh.
Actually we are both hiring Rose and keeping Terzic. Terzic will become assistant to Rose next season.
I would make fan out of Ozils admiration of Erdogan if I was you.
If you're not gonna support the manager then don't support the team
Feed Werner..
I'll put Rodri for Foden, Foden for Sterling.
Its usually how some people misuse it. Several times people use xg to justify which team should have won a game.
they look at everything
Oh right I misunderstood you, thought you were talking about the captain swearing at a teammate not Rashford swearing at the captain.
I think someone did in the recent years. Can't recall who.
Oh yeah. I dont think it would happen. Very much hypothetical
LenoShawLindelof Pogba (although I don't know anything about Partey) SakaAubameyang
> endless treadmill of gamesThis is the only thing I don't mind. Maybe it's because I'm furloughed and used to miss the majority of games when I was working, but I will never complain about more football to watch. Then again I said the same thing about people complaining about the Hobbit trilogy, and nobody agrees with me on that either..
Robertha, tho even if he leaves in one of the next weeks
I mean, Ozil seems a better source on whether he experienced racism than Kroos or any one of us.
I agree with you, I had just never seen it voiced by a utd fan before is all.
Liverpool vs Chelsea today, if Firmino starts a goal is basically guaranteed because he plays like R9 whenever we face a London club
Kova too hard for that.
Hes no god against Chelsea in the CL anyway.
lol are you joking? Hes got his first 3 CBs and his captain injured. Weve had over 1000 days of players out injured this season in total. Hell be just fine.
Arsenal have spent an asston of money in the last 5-6 years, they just spent it absolute dross so you cant tell by looking at their squadThey have the 3rd highest net spend in the Premier League since 2016, their problem is incompetence on the market, not money
They won't even finish above Inter and Milan in their own league. Juve is finishing above Crystal Palace mate
Mount making it 2-0 Chelseano wait
Thats absolutely and completely horse shit. If that wouldnt have been a pk, how the fuck can you take it away... thats the dumbest mother fucking rule
shows how crazy the pressure is when toni kroos who seems like the most relaxed player was too stressed to shoot
It probably still would be Christiensen as unfair as it would be.
still insecure enough to take a dig at a kid a decade younger
0/2 so far, great start 
No, BrazilianFirminho is from Brazil
I hate when anyone makes arbitrary tables to be top of, it means fuck all, the Premier League is about being consistent for 38 games from August to May, not just picking a random point in time in the middle of that (or even across different seasons) to act like things are better than they are.Wasn't there a point where from January Southampton were 2nd or 3rd in the combined table? Look where they are now, bloody 14th in a terrible run of form.
What authority are you talking about exactly?
Man won a treble, the World Cup and 3 UCL in a row in the space of 5 years, he nearly completed football in that span.
And I thought Mane and Firmino were very subdued. Guess the manager see things we never will.
What a shout
Haha no they didnt.
Chelsea are Chelsea arsenal are arsenal
Mason Mount!!!!!!
Liverpool getting shafted love to see it
Manbeck
First Tottenham get lucky last game now us. I am not complaining but this VAR is fucking garbage
You lot against us in Klopps first season, anfield 1-0. In terms of the best I think Inter Milan vs Barca in 2010 tops that list
Nah Dominic Lewin Calvert.
Wanted Ziyech to score so badly
I only watch the goals here on reddit and maybe tune in to the radio. havent actively watched football in nearly 2 years.
city smashed liverpool 4-1 and could've been way more?
COMFI BOIS ONLY
Lmaoooo that's so funny
He has improved him for sure but I don't think he can take that next step under him which he is capable of.
What exactly was Thiago good at? I've long forgotten what he was supposed to be.
You literally can't have arms anymore. Arms by his side? Handball. Arms behind his back? Handball. Arms tucked down the pants? Maybe that's the way to go?
Mainly to do with trying to get around FFP
Well first he needs to capitalise his OK's.
xG is the most useless stat there is, doesnt tell you anything
Hard to say, because when a footballer reaches the highest possible calibre of players, judging which of the players among this level is the absolute best is tiresome. Is it Pele? Maradona? Or maybe a defender like Maldini? No one knows, but what everyone does know is that Messi and all of the other top players are some of the greatest names to ever play this sport.
Who do you rate more as a coach Klopp or Mourinho, Not presently but overall
Pogba's injured apparently. Both Bruno and Rashford were absolutely shocking last night, I'm fuming that the latter wasn't subbed off. It's obvious to me that, shock, the players we rely on the most are absolutely knackered, but it doesn't excuse the performance last night.Really thought PVA was going to score that chance at the end too, like he did last season.
Kabak just ball watching and played Werner on. Not been very impressed with him so far.
Willian and Pedro left, Pulisic is too injury prone and isn't good enough, and they needed depth.
Mou tried that. I am always of the opinion that if you don't have even 2 capable CBs you shouldn't play with 3 of them
Might be blind then
way more PL fans so way more idiots
Just a general ice hockey zone would be fun, like another box behind the goal yet you still have to score from the front
"EPL fans and looking for new ways to make their league superior" stop it man. Every league is unique, we fans of other leagues can use city's dominance to say ur league is shit. Again Every league is unique
todays circlejerk : weirdos arguing whether u can or cannot say bad words to guy wearing armband
Ah fair enough, I struggle to keep up with the names of your 50 players that have had to play centre back lol.Point still stands though, the centre back position is going to be dodgy either way but at least with Fabinho youd be back to an almost full strength midfield
It doesnt make any sense, commentator rightly pointed out that it wouldnt have been awarded as a pen, yet this is disallowed? Wheres common sense?
She is old now and he has banged her hundreds of times, novelty has gone for him.
I wish we always had the camera angle of the ground where you can see the managers on the other side
Watch people think he was referring to Chelsea as a whole and not Mason Mount
Should be like darts where both teams start at 501 and have to whittle it down
Its because Artetas astounding Arsenal side havent played in the midweek. The goals will flow on Saturday afternoon when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Bukayo Saka combine against Sean Dyches bombastic Burnley side.
If you're talking about Kroos at 22 he actually played 37 games in all comps during the season Bayern won the treble in 2012/13, missing the Champions league semis and final after getting injured in the quarter final first leg against Juventus. He missed Bayern's successes in the 2013 UEFA Champions League Final, the 2013 DFB-Pokal Final and the last seven matches of the Bundesliga season.
Hes right tbh
If it quacks like a duck
Just sayin, Cancelo has less key passes this season than Shaw, Robertson and Cresswell. And he has 2 assists.
Find it funny how much people flip between United being good and United being shit. I know its probably different people being more/less vocal but still. Last week had people in this thread saying that United minus Fernandes would still finish in the top spots. Sounded insane then and sounds insane now. Fernandes playing well is literally the only way they win games at the moment, even Cavani seems to have less of a presence (although he does need service in order to perform)Went back and found it, crazy how much opinion changes in a week. 
White guy that grew up rich in rural Pennsylvania that's currently a millionaire? Not questionable at all, of course he's gonna be conservative lol
If you worked on retail you would know that the majority of people are like that in real life too...
Well, if a player keeps scoring from positions where it's difficult to score normally, it means he's a good finisher.
Christ if that was VAR'd as a penalty after the offside I might top myself
There's also three other teams between you and Everton all thinking the same thing. Spurs finishing top 4 is by no means guaranteed.
Honestly why cant the PL treat offside like uefa does. Since they dont show them drawing the line so dont know what Uefas protocol is but its a lot better than this since they seem to give attackers benefit of the doubt. Maybe we should just import foriegn refs in and disband the PGMOL
Maybe but nobody knows who for who. Because these same players were so good before recently.
I get what you're saying... but the six seconds rule is never enforced.
Getting the luck of calls this game implies this was a one off or a pen which it isnt
Really makes me sick
Couldve said Insurgent Gnabry and didnt smh
That's one of those "ref gets blamed for a correct decision following rules that are awfully written" moments.
Mendy gifting Liverpool a goal is the only way back now
Where did he aim there..
What's the best match you watched live? For me I'd say the Madrid derby in the Champions League final purely for the late drama of Ramos's equaliser
Sub Zero "Haiduken!"
Is this your alt?
Jota exists
Fun fact/sidenote: About 15 years ago there was a professional Swedish midfielder, Hkan Sderstjerna who played a handful ba-dum tss seasons in the highest Swedish and Norwegian leagues. He only only had 1 arm, apparently due to dysmelia.Apparently he was even concidered for the national team at one point, would have been epic if he'd made it that far.
Fixed!
Ronaldo won in 2008 at Manchester United, and in 2014, 2016, and 2017 at Real Madrid. Because he left Real Madrid in the summer of 2018, he did not participate in the 2018 FIFA Club World Cup.
Werners had more shots than Liverpool?
What an awful decision.
Can anyone else hear Carragher breathing into the microphone lol
brighton vs crystal palace like a week ago 
I'm just realizing a lot of legendary South American strikers have played for Atleti. Falcao, Forlan, Aguero and Suarez. And I'm probably forgetting someone.
Hes a method footballer.
fuiste a la suruga? mamita que viaje bien ahi
>burning problem that y'all faceSome Arsenal fans and their delusion after their team has won 2 games in a row
His passing yesterday was the first time Ive watched him in a while where it looked a bit off. But they were just being overrun in the midfield. No idea why, but him and Modric seemed to be completely alone there.
ZZ needs to go
I mean that's complete and utter bullshit. His arm is UP AGAINST HIS BODY. There is nothing he can do.
i hate this website so much because if that was given as a penalty the overwhelming consensus would have been that's a bullshit penalty and VAR is ruining the game. now it's that it's 100% a penalty and VAR is ruining the game
Give him a few hours mate. He is having his old man nap at these times.
Whos on VAR?
Some people can't comprehend that people *can* have an organic emotional connection to a foreign club. Obviously it's different from the one a local would have, and most foreign fans even acknowledge it. But just because it's different doesn't mean it's not there and comments like that belittle it.
Loool fuck off VAR
not rashford, sancho hasnt been in good form has he? saka should definitely be in contention
Oh fuck right off
Werners hair looks like he cuts it himself
Lol no league is decided in the first months, doesn't change the fact that city are literal winners now, might as well go watch another league since it's been established who the winners are.
I am not singling out Rashy but here me out. I think the dude needs to stop dribbling right into 3 - 4 defenders. He needs to be told he ain't Messi.
I've seen some reports linking Konsa to us and Liverpool, but apparently he has a 60 mil price tag. I can't see us spending that kind of money any time soon.
chelsea have been dogshit 2nd half
Jorginho masterclass follows by disaster class
It would be, but maybe too late now for leagues to schedule in matches for the international break?
I mean this is just flagrantly not true because only 4 of the clubs have more than 100k members and 7 of them have less than 10k.
Can someone explain why Bayern let him go to Madrid?
Why are people on here (incl. Chelsea fans) constantly ragging on Tuchel? He's won 6, drawn 3 and lost 0 and went from mid-table to the European spots
I think it's time for Madrid to do a complete redo of the squad in certain parts. Kroos is a good pl, but he and modric are definitely getting older and their game feels a little outdated. Madrid needs more quality here and actually in every other part of the team as well.
It sounds like you're more annoyed by people trusting a Twitter account that's known to be fairly accurate and in line with other models than you are by the actual Twitter account.
Still an nonsensical parallel to draw. In North-Koreas case there are actual people being harmed, which completely changes the the point of the argument I was making.
There is one definite conclusion though: VAR is bringing absolutely nothing to the game.
Some of our fans just dont want to admit it, that Barca is more than just Messi. Theyre afraid that when Barca will be without Messi, the Catalan team will still be better than the Madrid team.
Dante should have been sent off in the final tbf Lewandowski too, but his incident was just a couple of minutes before the end
Hes worse than Neymar and Mbappe, the little fucker just glitches through my players no matter what
I don't think this Liverpool team believes for a second that we can steal a point now that we're into stoppage time
He's remembered how to recently which is great. Spent the last couple of seasons staying on his feet constantly when fouled and getting nothing for it.
He didnt even play that much in the BuLi (last season), never felt like he was on for the highest intensity games.
Do you mean famous rugby hater Michael Cox?
Good tactical system (3-4-1-2) and right players at the right positions : Bad as a CB, decent wingbacks (Clauss, Michelin), Seko Fofana in the midfield, Kakuta as a CAM and good strikers (Ganago, Kalimuendo, Sotoca)If they beat Metz (6th) next week they'll be in a very good position to play EL next season. Unless Marseille and Rennes wakes up
Yes, exactly
FM22 is going to give Alisson a decisions attribute of 1.
A peak arsenal troll, lets leave it at that.
Okay I thought I was dealing with 8 year old buy now I am scared it may br worse. You saw the video yet you cannot see that it was the liverpool assistant who first attacked Frank over a free kick on Mane. Lampard never started it. Anyways, you won't get it.Lmao what would you expect Kross to say "l lose sleep over Mount, Timo or Kante". You got buttheated because Kross didn't say that he lost sleep fearing chelsea players. How childish. Look kiddo Kross is a grown up man. He won world cup and won 4 cl with real. He doesn't need to be afraid of anyone. When you will grow up you will get rid of being afraid of others. I, Kross or Mount would never waste time arguing with kids.
There are dozens of us! Are you Indian?
We have people offended from their own shadows today. You surprised?
Do people not realize there are different rules for handballs for attackers and defenders. Its a false equivalence
Could have been a nasty one from James there
bruh he can't even pronounce some clubs and names rightJust because you were great as footballer doesn't mean you will always have insight.
Baker mayfield? The fuck
Jesus wept.
He probably had time to take it down or he should've hit it with his left. Terrible composure from Werner
Their system seems much more adept in this game situation. So easy for them to play out of the press.But for lfc, it's a struggle to make a 10 yards pass forward... Then when they eventually get near the box, salah/mane/Jones takes a terrible bloody touch.
Plenty of nazis went to Brazil as well. Mengele lived and died in Brazil in the 70s.
Any relation to Bobby?
trent or salah
Liverpool had better kits with new balance than any of the shit nike puts out
SCA is shot-creating actions. It's a measure of chance creation. The actual definition is the two offensive actions directly leading to a shot, such as passes, dribbles and drawing fouls. Note: A single player can receive credit for multiple actions and the shot-taker can also receive credit. The top 3 in this stat are KDB, Grealish and Bruno so it fits the eye test. Those are the most creative players in the league. Ziyech would be 3rd but he hasn't played enough minutes.
>I'm telling you that it isn't to do with where you're from.I'm telling you that it is in 99% of the cases. >more difficult it is (read "impossible") to form that bond They do have an emotional bond. It's probably not as strong as locals who fill up the stands but it's there. It's not "impossible" like you say because obviously millions and millions of foreign fans exist. There mere existence disproves your point that it's impossible to form a bond.
Yes. Exactly that. The rules have to be as literal as possible as referees are simply unable to apply any common sense whatsoever
Nobody is asking for appreciation or sympathy so I'm not sure what your point is
Thats a real dickhead move by kovacic
GET INNNNNNNN THERE
I remember reading that Liverpool didn't want to sack him because they hadn't sacked a manager since before Shankly and they didn't want to be seen like other clubs. Since he wouldn't leave, they appointed the man they wanted to replace him and waited for him to resign.
Not offside imo, wtf was that hahah utter disgrace
You do know All or Nothing series isn't to show the problems in a club, but just to push your club as a brand. City, Spurs were the same and now Juve will be too (when's it out?)
he liked some post about shooting antifa on ig
Rudi's been getting away with grabbing his man all match lol
They're changing the handball rules on a weekly basis and you're bringing up a decision from 2 seasons ago lol
Dont know about that.
Cant believe Chelsea were almost considering letting Jorginho come to us. Hes making that midfield tick along with Mount
Havertz 
Kroos is permanently chilled it seems. Doesn't give a fuck about anything but also doesn't mouth off unnecessarily. All that and he's one of the best ever to do what he does. Very likeable.Edit: Apparently Toni isn't a complete Saint according to some of you. I shall adjust his standing in my estimation accordingly.
As a neutral fan, it is clear koeman has done something amazing with this team. It was noticeable even before this match. He dealt with no transfersIntegrated la masia players which may be the future for BarcaSuarez leavingUnhappy Messi who was forced to stayEveryone getting injured (pique,fati,araujo,Roberto, coutinho,etc)Plus the team actually has some semblance of fighting spirit
That's a ridiculous decision. His arm is by his side, not in an unnatural position and he's practically facing away from the ball. Stuff like that is killing the game.
He could've killed him! SAF probably..
Should we change the definition of handball? Nahhh lets just keep adding little clarifications to the law so that it can be used however the ref is feeling that day
Sorry mate but what the fuck does 5.73 SCA/90 even mean and how do stats like that even tell you anything about a player??
How come azpilecueta was benched by Lampard? Hes been quality every time I watch him under Tuchel Also should Mount get a new number other than 19 and in that case which one? 8? Also I think don Robbie wasnt too far off when he said willian was a better signing than Ziyech, he has been absolutely shockingAlso is Chilwells crossing always this poor?
There is a lot of abuse in those comments for Kroos. I know everyone's mad at racism but they're mocking him for calling an emergency doctor after he lost the final in 2012. That's just horrible.
St Totteringhams Day may never come again
The Benzema one doesn't work because he's a top 5 player in the world this season
He looks a really good player from what Ive seen. Mad that Arteta doesnt fancy him.
Oh, definitely, the club has been on a downward slope since 2004. It's just that people act like Wenger would never have those shambolic seasons like Emery or Arteta and that his floor as a manager was the 4th spot when in reality he wasn't that much better than Emery in his final years
it got considerably better in the past 6 months, watcha talkin bout willis
Novo Hamburgo comes to mind right off rip lol
jack grealish
Multi-ball
Chelsea deflated since the offside call, understandably so
Mumbay?
Andy Robertson was signed from an absolutely woeful Hull team.
He really was, it is unreal how little people speak of him in the conversation of great RB's.
Those aren't two mutually exclusive things. The decision is obviously also made by the club (the coach can't do whatever he wants in that sense), but it was Koeman's call that forced him to start actively looking for an exit.
Thats such a stupid reason for a goal to be disallowed damn
Wouldnt worry mate it wont happen. Fabinho is fit and well get a jota winner form the bench
Probably is haha I was just throwing something vaguely British sounding together
Kovacic is a rat, scumbag move
Theres no way you think thats the only way he stays employed.
Very clearly a handball ACCORDING TO THE RULESBut obviously the rules make no sense, absolutely ridiculous
no Gervinho though, Inter will be clear favorite for me
Forlan more likely. Headband, Uruguay
Wouldnt be too harsh on Alisson tonight. Hes incredibly brave to be playing tonight imo
Salah off is baffling. Jones too.
Horace Barnes. He was my hero growing up. Got to watch him live 2 times.
Spokane had a PDL side but Im not sure it is still in existence. Its still a 3.5 hour drive.
maybe they are really childs?
apologies, thought you were talking about the ziyech cross mate
Shame that, I wasn't his biggest fan but he did a good job countering Rory. It let me enjoy the best of both of them as they cancelled out each other's worst traits a bit.
I'm just explaining what the OP was talking about. The PL outside the title race is very close this year mostly due to the top teams somewhat underperforming compared to previous years and 'smaller' teams doing better through good transfer business and good coaching.
and any combination of the 3 used in a pair seems to be working to amazingly too
Dont think you saw my edit. I had similar reasoning for leaving our Salah, only been world class in the league for 2.5 years of the decade, so Id have Sterling or Vardy in over him.
Were gonna regret not finishing those...
How has Chelseas tactics and play style changed since Tuchel took over?
Yeah, especially when youre on the 5th choice Emergency defender and a midfielder in defence. And a very suboptimal midfield as well
Is it just me that finds it funny that some people believe Milan is a serious contender to win anything in the coming years? I think this Milan side is one of the most average teams to have been in second place in Serie A in the last years. They should be awarded for being able to compete about the Scudetto with piss average players like Castillejo, Dalot, Romagnoli, Rebic, Leao, Saelemaekers, Meite, Tonali, Hakan etc. None of their players except maybe Zlatan and Donnarumma are top class. Some of these players aren't even starting material in mid table clubs.Realistically speaking Milan belongs in that middle cohort of the table just below the top teams. They really should be pleased with their season so far. Imagine winning the Scudetto with those players. Now that would be an achievement.
A smaller scale, but Gillingham haven't played their only real rival in a meaningful fixture for 30 years. And currently being three divisions apart, the only chance of it happening in the near future is an FA Cup game.
Tbf Lemar finally came good this season
Depends if Ole can turn our form around. We seems to have good and bad patches which last a while as opposed to being consistant at either, so I can't imagine we will turn our current form aroudn for atleast a week or two.
It's been this way for decades now
In German football they can. They managed to not sell their souls yet, though clubs like RB are the first sign of rot.Also Pallotta was fucking awful, and it's a bit early days for Friedkin
He was only Liverpools best player in mid 2019 tbh. Salah's consistently been better other than that he's outscored Mane every season, bar 18/19 where they tied and Salah still out assisted. I'm assuming it's a mix of no crowd, he had corona, and he's not stopped playing most of the season.
Hahahaha, my brother said the same thing Edit : are you my brother 
See the post of Barcelona wanting Arteta. Wait you are arteta ball king Willian
It is an accident that it hit his arm, yes. This is a textbook correct call.
Can confirm it is not 3 AM. Think op just found out about Milwaukee because this is the 2nd time ive seen him use Milwaukee to circle jerk
Shouldn't have said anything tbh
nonchalancy
Unreal that his PR team was cool with stigmatizing all people with immigration backgrounds for his own image, next level stuff.
Yeah, I could have worded that better. I am more frustrated with the rule being implemented by VAR than VAR itself here.
I made the drastic decision to delete FB and IG from the homepage on my phone a few years ago. I spend significally less time on those social media platforms now, honestly can go days without. Now I have all the time in the world to be on Reddit 3 hours a day.
those days when we scored a goal
Brazil are a weird nation in that they don't always choose the best player, also I'm far from biased in favour of Ederson considering I support United
Yeah I was gonna say most people wouldn't say Marco was likeable haha. He was very good in that tournament though, came in to replace the injured Nesta and did a great job.
Thats the chunkz celebration tbh
Ziyech has better output at least
Firmino loses the ball with a bad touch then fouls the chelsea player. Don't remember how much he has contributed today.
Mount probably just got baited by a mistranslation.
Fati has been injured for a few months now, so how he returns from the injury is quite important. Meanwhile Pedri has emerged a lot.
It's always fun seeing the difference in perception between Brighton fans and everyone else, when it comes to Potter.
Brighton are a good example.
Freedom of speech goes out the window for certain celebrities but not for others? Wow
you don't need goals anyway, that run in 2019 where he left pique and i think semedo on the floor is pretty goodTbf his skills are a bit like a mask, he does that against almost every single team. Even in a bad game he'll certainly get 1-2 free kicks. The fact is that he doesn't change whether it's cadiz or barcelona
You know you're desperate when you sub Salah off
Why wouldn't u want a 3 3 or something
People who claim xG is useless clearly know more than the staff of every club in the top 5 leagues
yanks are pure cringe
no way youre blaming werner for that
Salah is at least trying, unlike most of the other players
Youre absolutely right, but I think that Mane incident is defining proof that contact doesnt mean its a foul. But the minute you get VAR out and slow it down, any slight touch ends up being a foul
Your first sentence proves you don't though.
No chance he is leaving.
I know, was really frustrating that an offside goal took the game to extra time
Bert Trautmann
That's fucking ludicrous.
a Big Sam game vs a Mourinho game, I'd recommend a paint drying video
Watching tottenham fans try and but its the rule this is just perfect. Its a garbage call from a catastrophic year for the premier league refs and var.
BIG problem I have with that is if thats a pen you just boot the balls t the hand and give it
3 seconds of googling.Edit:t
There are a lot of weird and wonderful facts about the Nazis that "escaped" to South America. 1 Some were hidden and helped to flee by the catholic church 2 The fact it happened at all, probably the most glaring example of the phrase "Rats leaving the sinking ship" 3 That the Israeli secret service had a division made to hunt down and capture nazi masterminds and did successfully abduct, prosecute and hang Adolf Eichmann.
Rebic, Leao and Hakan are all great players
Still will be.
He was excellent. Certainly the best of his generation, that French side was immense.
Makes even more special when you do score.
Whoever makes the rules are honestly dopesYou can't have a different handball rule for attacking and defending. It's idiotic
What do Cardiff fans think of Vincent Tan now?
In terms of prestige, yes. Though there is a lot more competition for it in terms of the number of teams which are in it.
Apparently he liked something on Twitter that wasn't acceptable in the modern political climate, hence everyone calling him a fascist
Christensen is a new player under Tuchel. I wonder if Thiago Silva has also been helping him.
I use a third party app that puts a symbol next to downvoted comments
First attempt on target for Liverpool after 85 minutes.
>No beard Nahhhh, the beard suits him very well
Well explain fati and the others
Is Scott Brown a more accomplished player than Gerrard because he's won 10 league titles whereas Gerrard's only won the Champions league and a few cups.
There are 100% ways to "practice" confidence, or at least, improve it.
Unpopular opinion, but this is a classless tweet. He should have simply said "Good luck in the final". Would have been the gentleman's response, and would have gained even more respect than he already has with all of his honours. This is what a teenager without 4 CL's would say.
As often as Liverpool set up in their typical 4-3-3
And that wasn't one of the two calls i was referring to. Reading comprehension, mate.
> the GAA would cry about Croke Park being used There's been football, rugby and American Football matches in Croker before. GAA grounds were part of Ireland's bid to host the Rugby World Cup. What are you basing the crying off?
you replied twice lol, someones hurt I was just highlighting the sheer hypocrisy
He is a great lad
Yeah, Higuain had to move all the way to Miami afterwards. Just to get some space from it all
Something from the Premier League website that explains the ref decision for ruling this out:"If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence."This means that the handball rule applies differently for an attacker scoring a goal vs a defender giving away a penalty. There is more subjectivity in determining whether a penalty should be given for handball.
> To be fair users on here aren't making death threats to people and most bad takes get down voted immediatelywrong on both takes. For the Boston bombing, redditors threatened a man's family because they though he did it, but it turned out he commited suicide a week or two prior. Outside of threatening people, disgusting subreddits such as and existed. Bad takes being downvoted immediated is hilariously wrong. Saw someone upvoted here saying that Sir Alex Ferguson was bad tacically...yeah. Also, just wait
Liverpool wont even make top 10 at this rate
> Tuchel is concerned about defensive solidity first and foremost. Setting up his team defensively is all he can do tbh. Didnt make PSG play offensively in like 2.5 yrs
>Centre backs arent great,stones has looked solid all year maybe play walker as a makeshift CBalthough he may not be invited back because of his partying
He's one of the most consistent defenders in the PL. No doubt he doesn't count. He's underrated if anything
Partey chose to join himself his own fault
I doubt it, they havent been really good since the Atletico game.
English isn't Wenger's first language. >Hes one of the best defenders Ive ever seenSo? Some of the best pundits weren't the best players in their playing days. Scholes is a dreadful pundit for example, which is in stark contrast to him as a player.
You don't need to leave to increase you wages. His agent could demand a bumper contract and increased wages as his importance to the side has changed significantly since he signed that contract.
Turkish league makes it funny at least
So far it is unarguably Fati
This should be a goal if the rules were better, but its because of people complaining about Llorentes goal vs City for example that this rule came into being. Fans have been complaining about goals scored or assisted from completely accidental and incidental handballs long before VAR. These types of rules are a response to that. Still a bad rule
He has seriously risen to the challenge. He's a beast
sevilla were truly horrific, barca played well but those idiots couldn't score 1 goal in two matches?And koeman will be put on a pedestal, like people will ask for zidane's sack. Right now koeman has gone from doing a poor job to the one who's restored pep's ideology etc within 4 months,a few more months and we'll see.
Honestly how has Bobby not been taken off Don't think hes touched the ball more than 5 times this game
You got lucky this game... how does that take away from what I said lolEdit: changed it from your were lucky this game to you got lucky this game since the guy replying to me is a weasel.
Their scouting isn't as good as they want you to believe. They could only get promoted in the 3rd and 2nd league after spending more on transfers than every single other club in the leagues did combined. And when you look at their transfers pretty much every 2nd expensive one has been quite the failure. It started with transfers like that of Omar Damari for 7 mil while they were in the 2nd league. They bought him from a rival of RB salzburg to weaken them. He's a striker and never scored a single goal for leipzig. It went on with players like Bruno, Nukan, Burke, Bernardo, Augustin, Bruma, Lookman, Saracchi, and it seems like Sorloth is the next failure.They spent hundreds of millions without even having much of a revenue.
almost sounds like a Sprichwort
**GIFs / Stats / Quotes**Please do not request or link to illegal streams*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
All Var has ultimately done is reveal how poor the rules and the understanding thereof are in football.
100% its on the officials as well for not making the right calls and encouraging embellishment with the calls theyre making.  I joined about 10 minutes in so I cant speak to it, but I see tons of comments saying he falls when the wind blows and tries to stay up when he gets hit by a truck.
Offside has killed this game. Definitely a 0-0 now.
Mustve had a bet on
He obviously hates his family then as he subbed Willian on
Dunno, Glock Gnabry was brought in here by someone, liked it the most.
Would prefer a draw but if Liverpool lose then at least we get some more Thiago memes, regardless of his performance.
Is Keita even playing nowadays? Haven't heard anything about him for a while which is usually not a good thing for a professional footballer.
How are the 2006 Italian WC winning team remembered? I'm sure in Italy they're remembered rather fondly of course but it seems like people elsewhere would've preferred France or Germany to have won because of diving, the Zidane incident or negative football. I loved that Italy team for the record.
I would argue that that's the 5% he's missing, combined with a desperate hunger to score. Gotta get into those positions to create chances, composure and settling down will come
VAR is nothing but a new avenue for refs to fuck up calls.
When one of the strikers dropped deeper to create a 4-2-3-1. Most 4-2-3-1s are 4-4-2s in defense.It's still there but it's not a 442 in paper, teams with other formations on paper often form a 4-4-2 without the ball
What is the point of a loan with obligation to buy? (I understand option to buy) Is it just a way for the new team to save on some of the wages or what? Not sure what the advantage for the loaning club is. Sorry if this is obvious.
Antifa not anti fascists
He's right though
Seems like people have barely seen any matches over the last 18 months
Depends if you can balance a midfield with him and Grealish
xG is meant to give information. Sometimes people take that information and apply it in a stupid way, like saying a team with 5 xG "should've" scored 5 goals.
The board just want Champions League money with minimal spend - if he gets us top 4, he'll keep his job.
Ox will be lucky to get a move to another prem club, careers already coming to an end at 27.
Liverpool still press, but not to the extent they did a few years back.
Consistency is black and white, there isn't a middle ground lmao. You either have it or you don't. Do you understand the meaning of it?
Yup. But it's Werner's fault. Mount passes the ball to him way too fast? Werner's fault too.
He tried, but missed, and sat down at the top
This is why Selke is generational
Whatever you're on, I want.Also, Panti scored the winner for Atleti. I think he scored most of his Atleti goals in that season too.
Yes he did, via his utter shite performances
Did they not change the rule from last yr about ANY contact with the arm in build up to a goalbeing counted as hand ball?
Yeah, same with Messi I guess
''I want us to do bad, so we can maybe do better in the future''
Slurring words, in your feelings about sentiments shared by other fans, bringing up a result from nearly 10 years ago, are you okay?
< Go to r/soccer< "Support yer local ye focken plastic"< Decide to support local club< mfw local club is 250 miles away< mfw local club is owned by City Football Group
Mane once again playing to lose the ball with unnecessary dribbles.
Get on the vapes, la.
whats the German word for when I know when I see it that even though its onside its enough distance that its going to be off
You dont have to go to the biggest clubs in the world to upgrade on Arsenal at this point. He would get decent wages at clubs like Dortmund or Sevilla and still play regularly
Dont think they need a rebuild, have just been very unlucky on injuries this season
This is just so bad
Who do you guys think will win POTY for the Premier League? Really feels like its as wide open as ever this year
At this point the only reason for Arsenal fans to want CL football *immediately* is money, yes? Scraping your way to the knockouts and getting battered to hell and back by Bayern can't be too appealing.
what happened
hope you pull through
we are atrocious
You aigh? Did kroos fuck your mom or something?
Never want to see firmino in a Liverpool shirt again the fella is fuckibg dog shit
He tried pushing him into the board
It's got to the point where I confuse myself now when I spell his name right haha.
You cant just ignore finishing
He hasn't even won a Keukenkampioen Divisie Periodetitel.
he deserves it
I admire how Liverpool has been throwing everything they can at Chelsea, but I can't help wonder if a Pep-style controlled approach would work better on this Chelsea defensive wall
They only had to beat Atalanta and the worst Liverpool in years to get there. I think Barca being shit and Atletico bottling 13 points made them look better
They're still severely lacking on the counter, this is a weakness that shows itself time and time again in the CL and they don't solve because it barely registers in La Liga. It was really bad when Suarez was playing, they were playing with forwards who could be outrun twice over by the vast majority of centrebacks. They have limited ways of punishing aggressive pressing, need Fati back next season to put up a proper challenge for the CL
Debt is good lol. Without getting into the economic reasons it just means a business can manage its capital better and is more efficient
Goddamn, watching Liverpools backline is like watching ours from last season. Chelsea is just toying with their press.
Yeah I hate this trend of showing more and more close ups
The rule just says "player" and doesn't make a delineation between attacking and defending. I probably shouldn't have written "attacking" in my post. The rule prohibits scoring from accidental handballs that immediately result in a goal or a goal scoring opportunity, regardless if you had possession at the time or not.
Clubs always wanted to find talented affordable players, but they may be riskier in if they show class that they didnt show as much previously / if they can step up to the next level
Disagree on Flick
If u get downvoted u gotta say it twice
Liverpool always score bangers against us, hopefully not today.
Kante is looking like his usual self right now
I was gonna say, hes very funny and always comes off as likable
If Davis Luiz was still at Chelsea, do people reckon hed be starting given how people tend to rate his season with Conte in the back 3? Just curious
And it should not be grouped with goals
The reffing in today's games (Fulham and then Chelsea) really show there's problems with the fundamental laws of the game right now all because they keep trying to make changes and every single change is for the worseIt's completely ruining my enjoyment of the game cos the cunts who make the rules are shit at their job
Fabinho uff
Excellent cross, but no one committing to it.
Heard he's also a racist twat
He was basically asking for it. Seemed inevitable the way he was playing.
What a shitshow.
lool these high risk passes are crazy
Ours after last Mourinho title was worse, but Liverpool can still get there
"YOU'VE GOTTA STOP THE GOAL." 10/10 analysis there, Jamie. Fucking hell.
We are absolutely getting the best from Pogba in the final third with our current setup. This obsession with 433 is nonsensical, it would lessen the impact of both Bruno and Pogba compared to the current setup and they're our 2 best attacking players while also requiring 3 high end signings this summer alone DM, RW, ST which we simply won't be able to afford.I also disagree with the assessment of Rashford at RW. He's struggled because of injury and fatigue, has nothing to to with which side he plays. On the right his decision making is more streamlined which helps him be more efficient as a creator.
exactly, if he wasn't up for it he wouldn't be playing
What? It's clear by the rules. Just because the rule isn't fair doesn't mean they got this wrong. This was spot on.
Sean Dyche
Holy shit Timo
You forgot CB for De Jong, he's played there and done well.
Reddit neckbeards want to blame everything on China, let them continue to think Arsenal froze him out of the team over a Twitter post
As if they didnt have enough embarrassments
At this point calling Havertz mediocre is a compliment to him.
End to end game.. well deserved after the Man U borefest
Yeah. Liverpool is not getting there on their own merits but all the remaining matches are against teams that stand below them except Man Utd 0-0, lol. So, there is a chance that others will drop points and they might just be able to get there.
Man peaked in 2019
Lucked out there. Shit second half so far.
TEN FUCKING HOURS without a goal from open play at Anfield, what the actual fuck
Oops..
yes but its aldous huxleys book, not pochettinos
Between this match the the Tottenham one, the solution seems obvious to me - all footballers need to have their arms cut off at the elbow at least and preferably the shoulder.
It was clearly onside before they drew an additional red line out of god knows whos ass
Think it's the fact that it's the club captain, mate.
Lol alright can we keep the let them play refereeing that we had prior to the last 5 minutes
Yeah, that sounds right
That is one of the worst offside calls I have ever seen.
2009 Libertadores group stage, Colo Colo 3-0 Liga de Quito. Cagey match until about the hour mark, where we scored three in about ten minutes. It was quite odd, but surely a proper good game. Edit: If by 'live' you mean at the ground
As u/Calectra pointed out, you only need to observe what happens to our general performance levels without Pogba to appreciate just what he offers to our team, and frankly what he would offer to any team that signed him. I understand there are exceptions but we are generally a much, much worse team when Pogba is not playing.
good to know liverpool have been just as shit as us lately
Why not, can't you empathize with people who feel that their favourite pastime is being exploited or be annoyed that corporations can replace actual football clubs in European competitions?Hate is a strong word but I definitely dislike them for what they stand for.
FIVE TIMES
Do you really think you are that much smarter than everyone else? It wasn't some obscure nuance. It basically smacked me in the face when I read the quote lol.
Yeah! Pathetic!
Rotating GKs
Bad arm day, honey.
You've never got hit so hard you seceded from a political and economic union of countries?
For the record, I think that shouldve been a handball. VAR is just doing what it does best, unfairly influencing matches and creating talking points where there shouldnt be any.
The form were in is almost as bad
anything can happen in a fight, and that also was a 1,90m 90kg guy iirc. what a weird reason.
The numbers are accurate, the usage? Not so much
Jorginho isn't the player you need to worry about being pressed. He handles a press well. It's his midfield partner that struggles under pressure.
Chelsea had a bullshit goal disallowed earlier
Football is fucked! How is this handball and the Hudson-Odoi one isnt.
You know other countries speak different languages, right?Firminho is Brazilian
Lol I swear. He got rattled enough to publicly Tweet out his response to a 22-year-old who responded to his comments.
And like his arm is literally where they tell you it's the best place to have it to never be called for a handball, against your side.
Apparently theyre interested in Kound and have a verbal agreement with Alaba?So yes, Van Dijk and de Ligt as well.
1-1. Chelsea and Liverpool match hasn't ended in 0-0 after 2008
When is Ramos set to return?
Please, you cant expect people commenting on striker abilities actually to understand football.
what do you do for the Madonnina day?
If I had to bank on one fanbase that has the highest delusional fanbase its Arsenal is such a stupid argument. I agree that our fanbase is delusional. Yours and Liverpools fanbase is delusional as well. I can search YouTube comments to find stupid opinions of United fans too
KDB for Fernandes
That's not really true, his passing and dribbling has been inconsistent this season. He's terrible during our losses, even from a passing and dribbling aspect but during our wins I would say he puts in a neat and tidy shift.
With no Schalke next season and 1860 remaining in the lower echelons of german soccer, der klassiker will become the premiere Buli fixture. I truly believe this.
Definition of tit for tat
@Ozilthings is having an argument with Arsenal journos over what constitutes a sitter for Mesut Ozil. Never a dull day...
I disagree
Great goal, how you letting him shoot from there
Is he usually that bad with his feet? Don't recall it happening before but it's been shaky lately
This has Chelsea helping a struggling team written all over it
The reasons for Madrids attacking woes are so obvious yet so hard to fix. They have no good wingers to create vertical threats by running in behind or to create good crossing opportunities by isolating or creating under lap opportunities. They also have one good player Benzema at final third combinations. As much as I rate Casemiro Kroos Modric-on par with Barcas famous trio-their strength is at controlling the game, not creating side note this is why its ridiculous when people say Ronaldo wasnt the biggest reason for their success-his goalscoring meant they could play this midfield without lacking goals because hed bang in 50 a year with his eyes closed. So they cant create on the wings and they cant create down the middle, so what else is left? They have to create numerical superiority in the middle then which invariably leads to them having less cover and counter attacks did the opposition. Its hard to fix because the final third can only be coached up to a certain point: player quality becomes a lot more decisive here though Zidane isnt maximizing their skill set anyway I dont think. Theyre broke and need two new wingers and at least three new midfielders/forwards to get quality attacking players there. So in summary theyll be fucked against low blocks for some time imo.Now why they were bad at beating the press yesterday also involves the wingers, the midfield has always been elite at it but with no vertical threat the defense can just compress the pitch as much as they want to and leave both flanks as outlets as they know no chances are coming from there. Same thing that happened with an Mbappe less PSG on Tuesday.
The difference between them both was one utterly boring match. Tuchel's done more across his career than Flick in terms of his teams playing.
>Good luck in your first CL final.a subtle one, but still effective
Game's gone
You make the popular mistake of taking the vocal minority at their word The magic of the vote is its open to more than just them. The Artetites are silent right now because there's no leg to stand on. But come Sunday after the 4-0 demolition and you will see differently
Klopp whinging to the refs. The man's an absolute bellend.
I always thought they weren't great, and then suddenly they are 2nd/1st in this season. It seems it because they got very lucky with penalties. 16 pens in 25 games is absurd.They will return to their normal level when the pens dry up.
Currently its Aguero just ahead of Bernardo. All time its Yaya.
Grandpa reminisces his past glory
Still think he needs to just bite the bullet and play Nat Williams at centre back, at this point you need Fabinho in midfield more than you need him at CB
>tactically I feel he is no match for Pep and KloppI mean, that's pretty obvious. Even coaches at a lot of smaller clubs are able to implement a defined effective system which he doesn't seem to be able to so he's nowhere close to the best coaches.
There are no rules...
Omg Ziyech come on man
I'm not calling it unfair I know everyone has had this bullshit against them. Also taking into account frames and speed you can't go down to 1mm
We all deny other teams excuses but I saw way too many idiots on here acting like our injury situation was normal and shouldnt be detrimental. Either way al we can do is carry on pushing for top 4 and go as far as we can in the champions league and hit the refresh button in the summer
Bernardo is honestly disrespected every single time lmao, ive said this and ill say it again, Gundogan was performing better than him purely because of his goals, 4th game in a row he doesnt score, Bernardo is much more dynamic than him, tracks back more, controls the game better and is much more press resistant than him, with unrivalled work rate. Again, I'm not insulting Gundogan at all, if he finds his scoring boots again he deserves the spot, but if he doesnt, overall Bernardo is much more useful.
Hardly a dive when it was a foul
Per the rule this is the right call The rule is BS though and this is incredibly unfair.>If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence.
Tucked in by his shoulders?
VVD returning means Fabinho in Midfield alongside Henderson which means actually recycling possesion instead of losing every free ball.Its a combination of VVD being out meaning worse midfield and when the front three have had chances to score they haven't hit the target.Having said that we should still be beating the teams we've lost to
A take so hot it reverses global warming
But people have always been idiots and we managed to not upvote Dailymail articles. It's not like they have suddenly not become shit or as if they have somehow managed to convince people that they are not.
Xavi Iniesta Ramos
This is the most unbelievable handball decision I've seen, and there have been some terrible ones this season.
Gotta love Toni Kroos man lmao
He's a fucking Chad that's why
It doesn't really cause diabetes, anymore than anything else sugary does.
I dont blame him - give him a reason to stay on the floor
brothers fewmin
RCB is like PSG in UCL. Star studded but nothing to show for it.
too late I already read it to the tune of Tubthumping by Chumbawumba
Lol quick maths
And u think zil has no incentive to lie about that, so zil fans dont question his motives living in a liberal country his whole life, while supporting an autocrat in Turkey who literally is in opposition to everything he had in Germany while growing up.   And u have to wonder why people like Gndogan still play in the national team and dont support zils views, when the german national team is that racist.
Goals are always ruled out for handballs against offensive players regardless of the intent. This was a defender so there is some discretion
Globalisation has hurt football. A lot.
Yeah like he's younger brother is better right now
Stupid stupid man
Have Hope. Has a YouTube channel. Hes a Chelsea fan but has something in for Mount. Hates that Mount is Chelseas best player, which he has been so far this season possibly along with Giroud.
Cope, lol.
Do you think the club captain only plays a ceremonial role?
And no injuries
Can't help but feel like we've got away with one there when we really didn't deserve it. His arm is stuck to his side. I get that it's the rule, but it shouldn't be.
Ill google. Never heard of them. Thanks
Edited the strength part
My dads favourite player of all time. He used to talk about him ALL the time
yeah I know, still though
I don't think there's been much time for any significant changes and I haven't seen anything happen that couldn't have happened under Lampard yet. I don't think you were better I just think some of the praise has been overblown so far with references to "clear improvement" or "couldn't have won x game under Frank".
Referee letting Chelsea away with bits
did the ball go over the line before nani headed it?
as a Chelsea fan you should remember how Neuer took a penalty against you. You know why? Kroos didn't want to take one. Forcing your keeper and acting as he was always cool and never lost sleep. It wasn't only Kroos, granted but it was only him who demanded salaries who only get players who take responsibility.
I gotta report you for that username mister
Just want to see Favre do well, fantastic guy
I'm comparing based off Franks time at Chelsea, compared to that I don't see the big improvement, compared to the period of bad form yes but I wouldn't have put it past Lampard to get out of that himself, Arsenal were in truly dreadful form but had a bit of a bounce after the Chelsea game without a manager change.Football is a game of fine margins, you can play well enough to win and lose and play shit and win, aside from the Leicester and City games there were a lot of fine margins going against Lampard.
I can see the confusion. Maybe by him saying first it is his jokey way of saying Bayern never lost to Chelsea But like the other side, I think he is just saying it because it's Mount's first final
Results aside, Burnley are massively more entertaining to watch than Arsenal.
Do I want handballs like that to be given? No. Have they been given a dozen other times including against us? Absolutely.
Kroos is a serial winner. You don't achieve that by losing sleep over games.
Weirdly enough, I got pretty used to no fans. Whenever I see old clips they sound almost too loud now.
Liverpool just don't quite look like they're gonna be able to get the equalizer
It's the rules fault not the officials fault.
Ugh, they need to change the rule. Leaning offside should not be a thing. Do it on the back standing foot and use the frame just before the ball is kicked, not after. Go back to giving attackers the advantage.
>most bad takes get down voted immediately,Unfortunately so does pretty much any opinion or statement that goes against the popular take of a thread.
Kicking the ball at Man's head at point blank range hurt him less than tugging him on the shoulder.
It's because our games are wildly inconsistant. Reactions are just that .. .reactions. People react to their most recent performance. One week we make Real Sociedad look like an U18's team, next week weve got 1 shot on target against an out of form Crystal Palace who are riddled with injuries. If the team isn't consistant neither are the opinions.
"The big deal" about what mate?
>It wouldn't be called as a handball if Maja's shot was saved.I mean no because VAR woudln't look at it, but it would still *be* a handball since a goal scoring opportunity occured as a result of a handball by the offense. Is the offside law stupid because a player who is marginally offside doesn't get a 5 minute VAR check when they miss their 1 on 1 with the keeper? Maybe - but I dont think the argument "oh, the outcome dictates the call" is very compelling here - obviously you check all goals... that's how the game works.
Would ensure absolute chaos at the beginning . but after a while teams would adapt and strategies form. would be interesting to watch lol
Mane has been so crap in 2021
There's no right back in the world that could cover lfc's right hand side defensively.Its overtly attack minded by design - but when you don't attack well it just stands out more, and looks silly.
1-0 down at home, you need a goal................. bring on Milner LOL
I can kind of accept the CB's, although all three of those are NOT better than a fully fit Bailly. What I couldn't accept is Bellerin over AWB (and the cheeky he's PROBABLY a better defender) Elneny over Fred/McTominay and he also said in another comment that I didn't include Pepe over Rashford.
fede or vazquez or nacho, can't choosebut the passion the three of them have for the team is brilliant. And i have tremendous respect for vazquez. Nearly 30 and he must have only seen memes if he ever opened his account but there is no lack of confidence, he still tries to dribble his way out of anyone and succeeds.
That's like bragging to someone in kindergarden that you had sex.
If you can't stand the cold as a fully grown man in trackies, multiple layers and a jacket, then you need to start questioning your manhood. If there were fans in the ground they'd be getting rinsed -- is this a retirement home, is this a retirement home????
This is a foul isn't is totally normal...
Mou was the last guy to win the CL with a non-top 4 team.
Pogba has been better this season than Bruno for me, unfortunately he got injured. With Bruno we create the final chance but he is not the kind of a midfielder who will control the tempo of the game, Pogba is.
Okay usually i think this sub is very overreactive when it comes to difficult calls but this is ridiculous. Clear as day not a handball
It would take historic levels of mismanagement for a club like Liverpool to become as shit as Arsenal. You have nothing to worry about, trust in Klopp, trust da process.
One of those "tiles" could display only one colour at a time?
Atleast at night time so we can nap
I genuinely cant believe those substitutions, makes me angry and im not even a Liverpool fan
Been that way for a while now
60s pele,70s Cruyff,80s Maradona, 90s Zidane 00s Zidane/Ronaldinho/Henry
I agree, which is why I used Mustafi and Van Dijk as an example.
Alexander Arnold doesn't have a defensive bone in his body
a better Icardi.
Honestly thought Mount was another one of those English hype jobs, he's a very good wee player.
Rules is rules
*monkey paw curls*
Greenwood or Luke Shaw
we have a decently versatile squad. Mingueza (RB/CB), Sergi Roberto (literally anywhere), Pedri (10/6/8/left wing/left midfield), Frenkie (DM/CM), Messi (RW/striker/10), Griezmann (LW/striker), Dembele (either wing/striker), Dest (LB/RB)
Ya I did and that is also a joke. I get the consistency angle, but in reality giving those decisions is a travesty.
What are you smoking? He's been the least of their concerns today. People who know nothing about football sure like to pile on the scapegoat
Hes going for the Infinity war look
Awful rule, accurate call. The subsection of the rule doesn't specify defensive situations, but does specify if a player scores directly after the ball hits someone's hand.
Tbf how would justify banning him? Because has bad opinions? (I know it's on purpose). I find him to be unfunny but harmless.
You're nothing special, we lose every week
Everyone ready for a draw
Lets all pray for a change of the offside rule.
On the pitch: Hazard and Kovacic, doesn't help that both are pretty good at dribbling.
and mount hasnt? lol
Fair enough. Still tastes like cowpiss
Being a captain has no bearing on a players technical ability. Its solely from hierarchy and leadership.
Your arm literally cant be in a more natural position
So when it happened to Chelsea against us they still got the goal. How is that fair?
We all know the answer here.
ah fuck, i didn't think of that
what did we do this time lmao
442 is alive and well, people just created a series of new phone numbers to make the small differences visible. Bayern essentially plays a 442 for example.
Alright now we just need Chelsea and Liverpool to draw and it will be a pretty good week.
It looks like their whole buildup style has changed thanks to new players and injuries, and he hasnt adapted yet
He's been the difference, by far, not only from the goal
think about how much time he has put into his skills, when you are that prepared nothing can really happen that could make you nervous as you have seen/planned for everything
Tis but a flesh wound
Amazing banners, love the artwork
It is quite normal to get angry on a football pitch though
Chelsea should be 2 goals up, Werner should've scored that flick from Azpi. He has been unlucky with that disallowed goal but has been tormenting that Liverpool backline, seems to be full of confidence.What is happening with Ziyech? Has been invisible this game.
I wouldn't want that to be given as a pen but I am upset VAR didn't have a look. Take a look, and if you still think it's not a pen, say so. At least care enough to make sure
you cant say Azpi because his forward play on the RCB role is big, Rudiger maybe i guess
No the problem is a lack of consistency. If Leminas is a handball then so is Kante and CHO. Simple
Tony Macaroni Arena 12 times
They added an "immediately" to the rule. IIRC West Brom messed a clearance. This wouldn't have been rules as a handball either if there were few passes after
What was there that you felt I ignored?You're equating team success to individual quality, I used an example to show how stupid you are to do that and you think I ignored some amazing point you made?
So you're saying bet everything on Josh Sargent leading the USA to the world cup in 2026?
Ziyech wasn't too bad between his first and second injuries, Werner has been dreadful at finishing but has given a lot to the team. Havertz, Thiago, Van de Beek have all been dreadful though
Mane and Firmino absolutely atrocious. Trent basically an opposition player at times. Liverpool are in horrible form.
To be fair Platini won the Ballon D'or 3 times and was frankly ridiculous at Euro 84. You could argue him being the best player of 80s.
Bobby F was good in Brooklyn-99 but he's not played well this season
My only gripe is at least the offside call was consistent with the bullshit they've been calling all season. While that handball would be called 8/10 times.
Handball rule is just nonsense at this point. That should never be a handball, arm by his side. What is a defender supposed to do!?
You should put as much money as possible on it
Hardly the most reliable sources are they in that particular issue? Youre also neglecting that the German FA actually apologised recently.
as a life long liverpool fan since june 2019 i have decided to boycott the premier league
Werner is def scoring from a Kabak or Fab mistake
The scenes if Chelsea lose...
I really don't think there's an argument for anybody else.Maradona arguably had more quality but doesn't come remotely close to having the career Messi has had. By the end of the season, Messi will have twice as many goals as Maradona has appearances.Ronaldo has had a similar career but Messi was clearly the superior player.
Havertz in in the 90th minute, that is fucking embarassing...
I think there is different rules in terms of attacking and defending. Anyway have seen something like this one given too
Nothing to do with VAR, it's the new rule from last season that rules out any goal when it touches an arm, no matter how accidental or unavoidable. I really don't like the rule.
Yank identified
> if Ole doesn't deliver a trophy this seasonThe last time Man Utd went 4 seasons without a trophy was in the 1980s. If they get top 4 Ole will be fine, but he does need to win something of note soon.
Also /r/muppetiers , /r/truemuppetiers , /r/fuckramos , /r/fuckPickford
Jack Grealish is a bit of a moron so I'd say the Redditors have a shout
mount starts over grealish for me. i know this sub likes grealish but mount is superior rn
He's going through a rough spell but to say he's just "individual brilliance" just shows that you're making opinions based on the one or two times you've watched him so no point in aruuing here
Being able to articulate yourself properly should definitely be a requirement for a pundit.
Dogs of war
Have some shame.
Christensen has been man of the match so far for me. Hes been excellent. Mane will go to sleep tonight and will have to check under the bed before he doses off.
He's played as striker but the general consensus is that he's not good there. 19 goals and 10 assists in 64 games as striker speak for that. As a LW he's played 87 games and has 32 goals and 21 assists - they're pretty damn good numbers for a winger. On top of that, only 6 are penalty goals. I mean, that doesn't seem like numbers for a guy who is supposedly nothing special.
Man Alisson looks insecure on the ball
Nice kova
And you played like shit against one of the worst teams in the PL. Spurs aren't getting close to the CL spots in the league.
Thats why I like it tbh, plain and simple to understand
how can you go home and look your family in the eye after giving that offside. id be embarrassed, ashamed even.
great goal mount
That's fucking disgraceful
When the ball is at his feet even I've felt the same. Then again he isn't supposed to be a great goalkeeper. After Kepa, an above average or average keeper was going to be fine.I like the way he is dominant in the box. He manages to catch many balls from crosses or corners.
Mount doesn't seem like an arrogant guy in the likes of Trent and Robertson. He was having a long chat and a hug with Modric post game. This was simply his adrenaline talking. Trent and Robertson are annoying and disrespectful fucks.
Seconded
19 G+A this season so far.8 G+A in 929 minutes as a centre forward.In a season where he's adjusting to a new league and has all too often been asked to play wider on the left to stretch the field of play.His mentality is fantastic as well, he keeps working in defence even when things don't go his way and keeps making runs even if he's being ignored by passers.
He did one of his flick passes, that's his pay cheque sorted for the week.
I like the eye-test approach, but I feel like it can also be influenced by personal opinions or lack of proper understanding. For example, I might say that Mbapp looked lazy and missed big chances against Bayern, while Choupo-Moting tracked back a lot and even scored, which means that he is better than Mbapp.
He works out his composure in front of goal and starts netting 10 a season and he's one of the prems very best players.
3-3 i said it first
Non penalty xG doesnt take into account the players shooting, so no that isnt plausible. They have created lots of chances of low quality is what that stat shows
No because big signings bring in hype. Hype brings in merch sales, sponsorship money etc.
Ziyech is standing around way too much for me, he's not Messi.
I cant stand when fans say x team always bends over for y team or keepers always turn into prime Buffon against us!
liverpool should consider shooting on target imo
He's injured apparently, missed their last two games. God has decided to give us a chance
Adler, I remember him being replacement to the deceased Enke. I don't know why, but he's also the first player to come to mind when I think about mid-2010s Hamburg.
I'd ask him about the cheese thing but no, not right
Vinicius Jr and Rodrygo
Shell of his former self
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/wiki/flair
No?People shitting on a 20yo cause he hasn't instantly come in and improved a defence is fucking outrageousThiago is right there too
His arm is away from his body. Its a pen for me. Idk the rules I guess
Mines my child wearing doc martens.
I have over 35's Bayside Cup Winner medal. He can't even compete
Pogba's just got the better long shot. Rodri's a better passer, more composed, and much much better defensively.And Pogba's almost always a defensive liability. There's a reason he's always played with a shield of defensive midfielders.
I agree that this shouldnt be the rule, but you cant speculate about what wouldve happened if his arm wasnt there... couldve ricocheted off his hip and gone out for a throw in, for all we know.
He would start for us on the right and would be a great replacement for Mane if Liverpool sell him and would start most games for them
A lot of large Asian countries like China and India have only a handful of clubs which are usually concentrated in very big cities, so it's very common to not have a single football club in a radius of hundreds of kilometers.
So we have been linked with Neuhaus, Bissouma and Aouar today. Not too shabby.
Bald fraud is a meme which started when Guardiola first came to the PL and didn't exactly set the world alight.
Hahahahaahahha yeah
I don't see those comments. Other then in the case of the offside in which case they are right because he's unfortunate to be caught offside.
Is this from our sub? I feel like this is from our sub
Ehh it sort of just equals out the hand ball on Dier back at the beginning of the season that resulted in us dropping 2 points.
Robertson really is such a twat
Also the Braithwaite memes, fuck are they so beaten to death.
I only put Windsor Park there because a Northern Ireland ground was needed. Otherwise swap that for St James Park
It may sound stupid but I found a good starting spot is playing FIFA. It really helped me start to understand positioning and space since instead of just watching it, I was trying to control it. Of course, it isnt a realistic setting but a starting point. I can make my MLS team beat any AI controlled team by dominating possession and such.
If i had to choose the energy drink company as the owners would be less shit people, but i think i would give up on united if either of those takeovers happened.
Or retaking penalties when keepers come off their line, though there's definitely been a push in recent seasons to enforce it more consistently
More like its all the downvoters out in full force who are mad. Im just having fun with it.  Quite enjoying the fact that everyone seems to think they know Kroos like he is their brother. Its all speculation anyway, stop being triggered by a different opinion.
Can someone who knows the rule better than me explain how that was offisde? Did I miss something?
Erdogan also had multiple world class human rights violations.
Have you even looked at the xG spreadsheets in Rooneys squad?
Jota back in for Liverpool. Jones backed to shine.Hope for a great match.
So are footballers expected to cut their arms off?
our games are usually good tbh
That is a fucking joke
Ian St John
He should have brought it down, that is the issue
KLOUT KLOUT KLOUT KLOUT KLOUT
Fabinho isn't a bad shout but it'd have to become a 4-2-3-1 formation for that.
We were in a similar situation with Sevilla at the Copa, in 2019, we didn't give up then.Sevilla is not Liverpool nor it is Roma. Don't blame "giving up" on the coach. We gave up at HT vs PSG, if you want it that way
Wheatleys screenshot is before zil takes a touch in fairness
Counts interim managers tbf which kinda boosts the total as nearly every mid season sacking is gonna have an interim of some kind.
"Sorry gaffer, I don't want to miss and then lose my sleep over it""Ffs Toni"
That's too specific
It's brilliant really. Somehow kind and sincere while also reinforcing the pecking order.
This is the PL thread.
He got the assist for the winning goal you melon
yeah he was good but a lot of players who did even beter here flopped in the premier league so i guess that's why.
He played in the 20th century though.
 (Minamino) is composed of  minami, which means south and  no, the field. It's the first time I hear it in japanese so I think it's a pretty rare name.
Glorified PE teacher, what's new.
stop savin chat
So? Maradona was clearly superior to Platini. South Americans couldnt win Ballon dOr until the 90s. So nope I do not rate Platini above Maradona because he won 3 ballon dOrs. A simple eye test and the fact Maradona is considered the greatest player of 20th century along with Pele and Cruijff proves it. Maradona wasnt even fully fit in the 1986 WC and look what he did. Him elevating Napoli by winning them their only two Scudetto is another great accomplishment.
Lots of teams are close to you now though tbh, if Chelsea/Liverpool can get a patch of good form going then United would drop down the table.
WHAT THE FUCK???
The takes I see are so spicy.
Ok. A great amazing awesome unprecedented blip but a blip nonetheless.
Imagine if goals from outside the box were worth 2. Watching your team defend a 1 goal lead would be nerve racking lol
Just depends more specifically what you are talking about. Pelligrini/Madrid set what wouldve been a record for La Liga in points, if not for Pep/Barca. So most points in Madrids history (at the time) but a second place finish. Cant really control how other teams do.
Really having a hard time coming up with a preferred Pulisic nicknameHershey Hitler?Pennsylvania Putsch?Far Right Winger?Christian Lives Matter?
Well when you leave on your two deadweight forwards and take off the top scorer in the league that'll fuckin happen.
Do you say the same about Mourinho?
Puyol is a good example of this. He had the longest trail period at Barcas academy ever, 3 months. Real hard worker with a great mentality that doesnt come off as narcissistic at all.
https://old.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/lne1xu/thiago_alcantara_has_looked_luxurious_with_the/gnzx02d/
They did. You noticed the pause?
The situation is different now because the ball touches the hand in the lead up to scoring a goal. The rule is unambiguous in stating that such a goal has to be ruled out. Not saying that CHO's wasn't a handball and I'm not getting into another debate on that but in this case, there is no subjectivity in interpreting the rule. Stupid rule though.
they have to win it and finish outside the top 4 if England is to have 5 teams
Only us!
That's a give back because of the previously disallowed goal and I'm all for it.
Hes fantastic tactically, fantastic man manager, can rebuild teams very well, reached CL finals twice, but lost to two superior teams and he can actually work well with minimal budget too. He also won the Serie A with a declining Milan team that wasnt the great team it once was. Im not fan of his style of football, but there are times his teams does play attractive football.
jeeze, liverpool are playing soooo high up the field.
Warning signs there. Reece has to be stronger
Tagliafico CB? Don't think I've ever seen him play there.
MAGAdona was my personal fav.
Looks like you're right on that- my earliest memory of TAA coming into his own was when he pocketed Sane.
Shades of the Villa game here. One ball over the top and Chelsea are through, suicidal tactics with your reserve CB's.
For me as well as a Chelsea fan
At the time of the draw most people thought Chelsea were going to get knocked out by Atletico Madrid in the last 16, now we're in the final. Knock out football is a funny thing, you don't always have to be the best side in Europe to make a run. Most recently you had Spurs scraping their way into the Final despite not being very impressive domestically.
The goal is only scored because the ball hits his arm. I agree that he cant do anything about it and its yet another aspect of the handball rule that needs to be looked at, but its the right decision under the rules. You cant use your arm or hand in the build up to a goal, its a cut and dry rule now.
Straight to Bayern II.
Ziyech is quality. Dunno why Chelsea fans are so down on him
Zidane certainly has his flaws. I don't understand how he allowed signing jovic for 60m, if there's one thing he should know is that strikers are the players with most chances of being a 1 season wonder, he should know that because he coached morata, gave morata his best ever season goal scoring wise and sold him because 75m was just too good.That and not selling deadwood, not having the best tactics against low block(while that can also be certified to not having any winger with penetration or end product) and tactically he let casemiro stay up on the pitch far too much at the start of this season, when a possession based team plays the highline it does, you need casemiro between the CBs or kroos or someone, you can't expect not to get caught on counters when your CBs are in the halfway line and your CDM is waiting for headers. He's seemingly fixed that a bit with kroos dropping now yet it was pretty glaring at the start.
surely Chelsea in 2012 was ?
It's funny to see EPL fans cream in their pants over the competitive nature of the 2-6 position in the EPL, meanwhile other leagues used to be known as shit despite such competitiveness at such positions besides the more dominant team/teams
i just sent this to the guy i gave an award earlier, so i can confirm as one of the oppressors. but i have to add that its quite delightful to do so.
Probably offside
Do you talk nonsense every game you watch
I think that was a penalty
i dont get your comment, what are you implying?
His couple errors recently probably weighing on his mind and caused that hesitation.
I've just seen two arsenal fans defend the spurs VAR decision, world peace achieved
How would you feel if the net spend comparison between managers was replaced by number of first-team players signed? Would be a more valid metric of their capabilities I think because they have almost no control over the cost of a player.
Realistically that will be one stadium in each of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales with England getting the other eight. Although I don't think Northern Ireland has any stadiums that are up to standard. London - Wembley, Spurs (if Belfast doesn't host) Dublin - AvivaGlasgow - HampdenBelfast - New stadium? Cardiff - MilleniumManchester - Old TraffordLiverpool - New Everton stadium/AnfieldNewcastle - St James'Birmingham - Villa ParkSunderland - Stadium of LightLeeds - Elland RoadSheffield - Hillsborough
while we're at it, he should stop smashing it right into defenders legs too
That's why I said it sounds like he needs to leave his boyhood club which Kroos did win it all with that club then want to get paid more and leave to one of the only clubs bigger.Kroos has played for Bayern and Madrid in senior football, kind of hard to not win all the highest honors with those two clubs.
I want a lot of goals a lot of red cards and a draw
Ayyy the chunkz celebrations
That escalated quickly
No this would be ridiculous, more expensive players tend to be of a higher quality or more renowned, established players.
Was an ad for the derby during the break on sky sports
All the time!
He's definitely good, pep wanted him at city, if he joined I imagine he would have been one of the best dms in the league atm
It's so beyond absurd, maybe without var I could see it called live, but as you mention here we can clearly see that without his arm there the ball still bounces off of him.
What in the fuck is TAA doing? Horrible and lazy positioning.
Because Lampard liked to play a 4atb. Azpi didn't play great as a RB and cannot really play CB in a 2 and James is a very good RB.
Are Man City the only team left in the PL allowed to have interesting games or something?
Do you know what levels of football this spans?
The front three has been so out of form, midfield needs sorting out as well
Lampards best moment in management will be getting Mount established in the side
Well that's a pretty stupid rule then isn't it? It wouldn't be called as a handball if Maja's shot was saved.
A flawed stat on almost every individual occasion taken into consideration in the first place, will somehow even itself out. Well that is truly impressive.
Lol. This is such FIFA beginner goal. :
Doesnt mean theyll be challenging for first tho.
Glad it's not just me. Thought my TV was fucked
Same. The Fulham one isnt the refs fault it just shows how absurd the current rules are.
Milan wouldnt have been on that form if they played PL football. Juve displace westham in 4th, Inter bump United to 3rd imo
Likable doesnt usually equate to a man who is too plain to have butter on bread
Why am I terrified of milner
He was pushed in the back clear as day, imagine thinking it was a dive haha
Oh wow I did not know this! Thank you!
For us i think the goal is to find the next big thing and train them ourselves so theyll be a loyal and great future player. It obviously comes with a hefty cost (45 for vini, 45 rodrygo, and 30+ reinier), but that is nothing compared to what their price will be if we buy them when they have developed (like dortmund and dembele). Also if the player turns out to not be like what we have expected, we can sell them for 1/2 the cost or even 2/3 of its original price which is not a big loss to incur for a club as big as us.
When is the FA gonna realise Var was a mistake and its a complete joke? Either get rid of it or improve it with clesrer rules, because this is pathetic.
Tough times never last. Soon well see a Champions League quarter final between Fenerbahe and Wednesday. Source: Trust me bro
I mean, most of the other ones if you want to be a stubborn contrarian you can argue the arms are slightly out of place or whatever.This one there's 0 fucking arguments. The arm is as close to the body as possible and there's zero motion. The only way to avoid that handball was to cut that arm off.
Mount is literally 22 give him a break, it was such an innocent comment for you to get all outraged over
Some of those managers are the same people, after all. Not counting Mourinho, the average stay is less than a season, but sometimes it's Guus or people like RDM who was never supposed to get the full time job.
Lmfao Robertson tryna push reece
Pep has absolutely not shifted to 4-2-3-1. It's still 4-3-3.
*A* boring match yesterday, I could have gone to *bed* early, because there was nothing good in the first half, our first shot on target was just before half-*time*. Also, with Lille winning in the last minutes against Marseille, I'm afraid we can say *RIP* to our title ambitions. I'm not confident at all for the upcoming matches against PSG and Lille.
Honestly, I loved our home dominance under him. So many beatdowns given to teams at Camp Nou. It really was a fortress.
Trying to show why he's superior
I really want Tammy Abraham to succeed. Chelsea fans disrespect him more than Werner.
Park Ji SungMohammed El Neny
Ake, Werner, Thiago, van de Beek, Brewster all up there.
We don't though
"dream" as in "putting the jury to sleep"? That could be a viable strategy in some cases.
Hows hazard been
Yeah, this one is literally for who has been demanding the clearest language possible in handball rules and is now complaining about it. I think this kind of goal should stand in theory, because he cant really be expected to have his arm anywhere else, but this rule is as clear as it gets.
IDK how to start match threads but a top of the table clash in Gibraltar is currently being streamed on YouTube. Lincoln Red Imps vs St Joseph's: https://www.lincolnredimpsfc.co.uk/videos.aspx
Youre omitting a lot here. Kroos specifically said Auba was a bad role model for celebrating wearing a superhero mask, a celebration Auba does to make his son happy which harms absolutely no one. It was an idiotic comment, and Im glad Kroos got flack for it.
liked a post on insta about killing antifa members
I wouldn't be surprised if he started counting the assists he got during primary school and in his back garden. the GOAT 
The problem isn't "VAR" you're right, it's how they're using it. We can almost always tell what the right call is on VAR, and then it's a roll of the dice what the ref calls.
love that
Hey man, at least they're entertaining. Providing meme content for years now. CSK, RR are so dull most of the times.
im sorry, what?
If I was Saka and was the best player at my club at 19 years of age without european football next season being paid only 10k/week, I'd be on the phone with my agent this morning
But were dog shite . Our form is terrible. Wed have to go on a very good run to turn things around and I dont see that happening
They even said it's cause it lead to a goal. So we have a hand ball rule where if that happened and the ball didn't go in or if a defender did it, then it's not hand ball. But because Fulham scored then it is.So the official rule is a hand ball is both a hand ball and not a hand ball based on what happens afterThe hand ball rule has given some decisions but this is one of the worst
I know theres no room for it in the schedule but Id love to have the Cup Winners Cup back. Need more games between the FA Cup winners and the Albanian Cup winners in the calendar.Also, man is Free Talk Friday gonna be fun today.
Kids like to troll, you sound like an old man?
...I don't understand how people can have things farfetched like this
Thats fucking ridiculous that Salah gets taken off now, what the fuck are we resting him for?
have you watched TAA over the past few seasons?
? What makes you think I'm British?
Oh hey geometry lines are back
Thiagos having a good game so far
amazing "defending"
Should have took off jorghino
The league is so low energy right now. The title race is over. The relegation battle is at least two thirds over. Everyone is so deep into lockdown lethargy and it just feels like no one can be bothered any more - fans or players. I mean look at the recent scorelines, they read like binary code - 0-1, 0-1, 0-0, 0-1, 1-0, 1-1. Just me?Edit: I mean the Premier League, I assumed this was the PL thread as there's a non-PL thread, my bad. Other leagues are valid
2.1 jota off the bench to score the winner.
Is this a joke?
you had a perfectly good firmino to sub off and you go on and sub salah off.baffled.
this all makes me want to give up with this over analysed, inscrutable bullshit. i am going to trial out going to some eastleigh games and try and get into it, i am sick to death ~~of this goalkeeper~~ of watching this every week, and I dont give a shit who wins this
Ali come on
Shambles lmfao
shhhhh
they want VAR out of the game, so they won't look as incompitent. How do you get VAR out? make it unpopular.
Frenkie
Checkmate
What a bellend
Its like w dont want to win
I'll take that b... Wait a minute
Liverpool and Klopp need to take a serious look at themselves. We can't just blame continually poor performances on VVD being out. Only one shot on target.
Havertz as a time-wasting sub lol
I could actually see him doing well at PSG. You guys are flying right now but left back is still a pretty weak position I cant see you guys using Cancelo/Zinchenko there for another entire season. A great LB would set you guys up nicely
Jack Grealish stats nonce confirmed?
This armpit shit is an abomination
Modric, Kroos and Casemiro are literally better than our midfield. Our attack is better than yours, but thats it. Real Madrid definitely has a better team overall besides their attack.
United spent more by the way. CFG signings inflated City's transfer expenditure.
Chelsea's one-touch passing is at times great. They just need a monster up front.
handball rule is removed. the best player in the world would probably be adama traore lol
What exactly is fit for you lot though?
So... Hernandez^2 is the ref for the Madrid derby. It's like they try to appoint the worst refs for the biggest games to create the most chaos
Gibbs and Oxlade-Chamberlain
of fucking course they're frustrated they've had a clear goal wrongly disallowed
Can it be used as a large TV?
Definitely a force of nature, it's hard to believe he was 6'0 considering some of the stuff he was pulling. My dad ranks him behind only Van Basten and Messi for the best players he's ever watched.
Yes it hit his hand but that should not have been a handball at all. What was he supposed to do? Have his arm fall of like a lizards tail? This went to VAR and was still botched?
How in the world is Graeme saying that its an even match lmao
DWelbz > Firmino
With Thiago playing as he has been, I don't understand it. Jones has been solid for the last few games but keeps getting subbed out
More like Klopp vs Tuchel for me than Liv vs Che
Tf does "good enough for the Prem" mean? Prem is not a single team or entity
Abraham is rubbish mate
Knock on wood, PLEASE
The players in the NBA are starting to speak up about the reffing, wish they'd do the same in this league. Something has to change. Reffing is degrading across the board.
Another plastic debate. Mods deleted it all for some reason
Guessing thats based on this season?
So why just handballs, why not fouls in the box that arent goal scoring opportunities, i.e. at the edge of the box / when moving away from goal etc.  Decisions are shit enough already fix more fixed rule, adding things like this just ends up with more shit decisions.
He liked a racist post as well
Chelsea has been a bit lucky with these handballs in the last two games
Sorry I missed it. Where are they playing?
I recently watched some compilations of Champions League goals on UEFA's youtube channel. They usually have no commentary and no music, so hearing the loud crowd roars after someone scoring was very nostalgic for me
It's definitely not a dig. Mount's 22. If they were around the same age it would be a dig maybe
Thats pretty stupid to claim. People who have been loyal fans of the club whether theyre foreign or local is irrelevant. What matters is loyalty. There are fans who keep switching teams and thats who plastic are in my opinion. Meaning they genuinely never cared about the club and just stayed because the club was successful.
What a goalllll
Croke Park and the Aviva can't be used, only 1 host city gets multiple stadiums and we all know that's London
Maybe if the BL had more foreigners it wouldnt be dead?
I still don't understand how we nearly went unbeaten in 17/18, in a league with Ronaldo still at Madrid.
Mount MOTM probs
I'd say that you're a lot worse without Bruno than without Pogba
The attacker handball rule is wrong. Completely unfair.
He doesnt rate him either, he misses VVD
My heads gone here im more angry about substitions than us being 1-0 down
It's not just you. A lot of people including me feel the same.It's not just the PL either, even the CL isn't entertaining (aside from one game, PSG-Barca)
jota on the bench!
Hopefully Don Carlo will turn him into a really good player
Thanks for explaining it very well. That makes sense
Pogba what shit until December and is injured like a month, how can anyone think this.
Argentina's FA is atrociously managed, in 2018 we had an all time bad coach and a frankenstein's monster of a squad, even then we put 3 past the world champions (speaks of how shit international football can be).Nowadays we have a much better team and though our manager isn't Klopp, he is still decent in terms of international managers and has gotten the team motivated. We are not winning the WC on paper, but then again, tournaments like this often have a luck factor in them.
2 years since we put Barca to the sword without 2 of our best 11. What a night.
get the stats ready
Disagree Higher point tally shows the level of performance throughout the season
I think Ronaldo is the greatest of all time, closely followed by Messi
I don't understand. Explain how that isn't a handball.
Pretty sure ole has spent more than double what Mourinho has at Spurs. When Mourinho was spending that much he was winning trophies at United.
Jota was always a patchy player, he'd get a bucket full of goals for wolves then disappear for a couple months, rinse and repeat
Kova what is that dude
It's 3 in the afternoon in Milwaukee
Just look at barca as example. They found a gem like pedri for a bargin. Same with aurajo. They are now starters and word class potential for the future. Look at the big spending ( griezman, coutinho) they were good players but they arent as good as they were in their previous club. Dembele was also a huge spending but i still think he will be worth it if he stays injury free.If you have a good sporting management you always can get talents for a bargain. Its now more difficult than the past because many clubs are looking for the same thing. But it still possibleIts also riskier to only search for young talents. But if you find one and you as club make the player world class. Believe me it would be worth it.Sometimes the young players perform good sometimes it doesnt work out. Thats football. Its also the same with players who costed 100M +.They are also a risk
Klopp looks very fresh these days. I am biased though as when you highly appreciate someone you see them as more attractive.
80 minsLincoln Red Imps 2-0 St Joseph'sGoal: Mustapha YahayaAssist: Carlos Martinez
So what? If he actually loves the club then he should do better. They play horrible football despite the fact his team is actually good enough to do so.
Goals scored is a tie breaker.
Are you a Barca fan? Doesnt seem like you support Real Madrid.
Put up pathetic failures every single time a vaguely important game comes up, I know. Would bother me more if I was actually a Spurs fan
> hen every team bitched about it and now they call no handballs for us.every team bitched about it and then they changed the rule
HAHAHAHA livarpool i love you
He is worst than useless. He is a liability
That's bullshit. If you cut off his arms, the same thing would happen.
Yeah that was just for the PL. For everyone else Hazard too.
# 2021 Form Table, Premier League| Club | Points Per Game  | 38 game pace   ||:-----------|:------------:|:------------:|| Man City   |   3|   114   | West Ham |  2.2| 83.6  | Leicester   |  1.91| 72.5  | Chelsea    |   1.8|  68.4| Man U |  1.75| 66.5 | Arsenal   |    1.7|  64.6 &nbsp;---&nbsp;
Lars Bender and Sven Bender
So uncharacteristic of Liverpool
Cenk Tosun must have been inspired by it.
Chipped it up into his arm from point blank range. Give me a break guys
Whatever helps Kroos sleep at night 
Real Madrid were trying to find the next Neymar before everyone else
So the measurement for offside was both of their arms, and he's only off because he's running and his arm is out. That's bullshit, should have been a goal.
Fekir, Iago Aspas
But now other people also know
Chilwell cant cross for his life
This shape that weve had the past couple of games when we do attack has looked better with Mane central with Firmino
It's been decided that the shoulder goes to the end of the shirt short sleeve or bottom of arm pit, so that is where VAR measure from.
Chelsea look frustrated despite clearly being in the drivers seat this last 20 minutes
Can't see Cancelo getting it, he wasn't that effective up until around Christmas time.
SalahGames played 25Goals 17 assists 3Big chances created 748 percent successful dribbles Big chances missed 11Penalties 6all 6 scoredPenalties won 2
He did his job tbf. Fabinho pushed up to challenge the ball, Trent had to cover for Fabinho moving out from his spot.
tbf i can't blame him, i think united as a squad is overachieving right now. Even if it's not i think finishing 2nd is something they never had since mourinho, he might be just protecting the club since the top 4 fight is so tough.Maybe not lacking ambition since as you said he plays his best in a meaningless cup ties but maybe he doesn't trust any of his other players.
Feel like James could have done something today. Dare I say it, Davies too. Gomes is a useless sack of shite.
Mate hittin the feels here. Stopped watching after the 70th min cuz you just know we could play on for hours and not even get a shot on target forget a goal.
It would look like the first 3 games of the season.
6 months is fucking ages ago mate
When you talk about legends yes absolutely
Quarantine says no sharing ciggies
He is Scouse, they all breath through their mouth
Pogbas living off talent he showcases 3 months a year, what an absolute fraud.
Yeah Kroos.. the beacon of class when he dismisses racism and gets offended at players for celebrating.
It's slowly getting better I think. The delusion two months ago was tenfold there, unbearable.
Stop w so much dribbling
Apologies if this sounds blunt and rude towards you, not my intention - but I don't think any club who is capable of earning enough to spend in that volumes is going to support this notion. Besides, there is more money available now than there has ever been. And the clubs with money will arguably have more of a say in the league than the others who don't. I understand the sentiment you're sharing, I don't see it changing. Haven't seen it change in the 20 odd years that I've watched football now
Mount is genuinely Chelseas best player
If you speak...
Salah??
In some ways its good, in many ways its also bad. Were seeing much higher quality football in the Premier League as a result, but at the expense of ticket prices and local investment.That being said I disagree about clubs losing their identity as a result - for me its always been the fans that create the identity and culture, not the club. A club without fans is completely soulless and has no identity, and so it is the fans that bring that to a club rather than the other way around. It can also be embraced in many ways - theres few wolves fans who are upset about the Mexican/Portuguese presence at the club and its been very widely embraced. The identity has changed, but not for the worse imo.
Chilwell crossing it to the opposite linemen
Also no foul: g
Reece James threw the ball away from him? How the fuck was that Robbo being cunty?
Lol Dortmund fans fucking hate him dont they?Its not his fault if he speaks on a podcast and then aggregator sites post every single thing he says.
This place is full of classy Americans who put asterisks in swear words they write on the internet, what did you expect?
Youre not offering a hot take youre trying to pander to Liverpool fans by stating the obvious
Imagine playing this high of a line against Chelsea with CBs as slow as Kabak and Fabinho
Games gone
I feel that Jones should be in the full strength team now. He is the best midfielder right now. If Fabinho and Henderson returned to midfield then he would be the third player.
This is worse form than that era pal
Well Tierney over shaw is debatable but if I wasnt biased Id go shaw, but I am so Tierney, Gabriel over Maguire is common sense, same with Mari, holding or Luiz over any of your cbs. We dont talk about bellerin.
Lol mane
Get fucked
I think under an experienced manager he would thrive. The problem with Ole is that players can only hit a certain level under his coaching.
You forgot to mention the " + ratio".
Should've been the other two to come off. But I mean shit at least Firmino's trying to create something instead of mindlessly dribbling until he loses the ball.
Geez Lemina, how dare you have arms
Yeah... I always think penalty is harsh for things like this. But he had no buisness having his hand like that.
He is being picked over the likes of Ox, Milner, Keita so yeah he has improved
Levante for me
i chose a bad time to stop smoking
Might be yeah, different sites seem to have different figures
Yet somehow he is the problem lol
What is defense - Liverpool
Could see a manager over a pundit tbh
Genuinely disgraceful. Every game week it seems the refs make more foolish decisions than the last and the addition of var hasnt helped in the slightest. Staggering levels of incompetence
Jesus, I didn't realise it was that bad. Would you be tempted to cash in and get someone more reliable?
I think you have a bias in your opinion there, Ederson is clearly the better keeper, even more so over the last 12 months.
i will not rest until dan ashworth is expelled from my club
Its pretty much the same squad for us but with Jota, Doherty, and a Moutinho that can actually run.
This is a good pointthey are set in stone and instead xG has to rely on data that is found since the day it was first being recorded. Over time it will only become more accurate, however. When you have tens of thousands of games already recorded though, its far from an unsubstantial sample.
Not in the league
> I don't get the fans who say the Glazers dont spend.That's not the issue - and hasn't been since SAF retired. The issue has been, and remains, the Glazers having invested $0 into the club and having taken more money out of the club than the club has spent on transfers, all the while failing to implement a worthwhile footballing structure and leaving a banker in charge of footballing decisions.
They don't need a rebuild. They have world class players in almost every position. With renewed ambition and Van Dijk back, they will challenge again next season. Especially if they miss out on CL football and focus on the league only.
We get the best from pogba by sacrificing in other areas IMO. Rashford is also best known on the left. He can do a decent job in the right but he scored 20 goals this season, primarily from the left, while also being a creative force. I'm not convinced we should sacrifice that to play pogba there long termFred and Scotty are a good, but limited, double pivot. They consistently struggle to progress the ball against teams that sit deeper and we areimo effectively playing two players to accomplish what other clubs do with 1 good DM.I still think Scotty/Fred in the pivot and pogba at LW is something we can use, especially if injuries become an issue, but signing an actual DM and RW and shifting to either a 4-3-3 or 4-2-3-1 with pogba in the pivot is something I think makes us more balanced and dangerous overall.
The Thiago that came back from injury looks like a completely different player than the one we only got to see briefly against Everton. That short performance was the reason his return was so hyped up. And now I expect nothing when he has the ball.
maybe it's not the right phrase but people are way too lenient for him
Their fans are overrated.
Chelsea fans can now shut the fuck up about that offside then
Well, we bought new defenders, supposedly that will make us able to play Fabinho and Henderson in midfield.Henderson got injured, one of our new defender got injured so Fabinho who just recently returned from injury had to play as center back again.
I thought players have only one set of jerseys/shorts and that they wash and wear the same for everygame, and that a player gets a new jersey/short only if they transfer to another club.
Your comment proves that you are not that different..
But the arm isnt a goal scoring part of the body?...
If Pogba does stay and we sign an actual right winger, I'm struggling to see how Ole overlooks the 4-3-3, with a 'proper' defensive midfielder signing sitting in front of the back 4. Rather than a double pivot.Pogba is clearly better around the 3 behind the striker, than in the pivot. He's shown that time after time. He's a great player so can play the pivot, but he's contributed to so many goals off the left.Rashford won't want to be shifted RW he's not great there or competing with Pogba for LW. If we sign a decent RW that will be locked down as their spot. Bruno is 100% playing as much as Ole can play him. And #9 is a different topic.There's no other system I can imagine other than a 4-3-3, with Pogba and Fernandes in front of a sitting, lone defensive midfielder, Rashford LW, a RW, and probably Cavani as the striker. Martial if not.If Ole persists with 4-2-3-1 with one of Mctominay/Fred in the pivot, you're not getting the best from Pogba in the final third and more weight gets added to Bruno's shoulders for creativity.
did u see Fulham's disallowed goal?
Someone who likes trump and thinks anti fascists should be shot
Its so utterly stupid.
Mount hasn't and that's what he was referring to.
attacking player handballs are different, spirit of the game and all that.
sub jota on now
Don't wanna shout about it, but I think we were a bit worse off.
Koeman is lucky if they even asked him before they selling those guys
There's been a mispronounced name but for who, Chris Kamara?
i dont see rashford getting on over foden, sterling, sancho etc
Chilly's crossing tonight has been awful. Everything else is spot on but good lord he's just firing them HIGH
"Maybe even Liverpool".Liverpool are the most supported team on reddit mate, something daft like 30% of people on here said they support Liverpool.
Dier on Ramos in that friendly against Spain. So unnecessary but so great
Interesting certainly doesn't mean this game either. Or any of the games from the last few nights.
Mount has been Chelsea's best player consistently this season. If people were questioning him starting anywhere they were wrong
Disgusting Americanization of the beautiful game smfh
If they insisted on changing the colour scheme of the kit yes.
the rule is intentionally written for it to be that way.Attacking players will be penalised for a handball if "immediately after touching the ball with the arm, even accidentally, the player scores a goal or creates a goal-scoring opportunity."Blame the rule, not the decision
Lol.Don't think the fanbase is going to want him for long if we become Arsenal for few years, nor will he be able to give Top 4 consistently by signings that are just papering over cracks.
Tell me more about how VAR exists to fuck Liverpool over...
Why cant someone on VAR use common sense? lmao
He was on VAR
You can't just go around having arms.
VAR in the Prem is something else, man.
Mostly agreed, though I am curious what problems you think he needs to shoulder the blame for.allegri, I dont think would be a good fit. I think its another case of Mourinho, a big name manager brought in just for the name with little regard to fit.
Our board feared they wouldnt be able to buy him in the future because of the new Brexit rules coming into play soon apparently. Its a massive price tag and certainly not a decision I would have made but there is more complexity to it. We also loaned two other foreign youngsters with options to buy for the same reasons.
That's not a flaw though, it's rating the quality of the chance itself. The deviation 'measures' the quality of the player
Who is the most handsome footballer around? My vote is for Alisson, who else even comes close?
Let's see if the >"take Curtis Jones off"> ....>???>ConcedeProphecy holds, he's underrated.
Maybe among your mates, but when you're literally being paid to consume airtime on television speaking concisely is indeed an important quality to have.
I really should stop coming on here soon after we drop points i always end up getting annoyed and fall for some dickhead's bait.
Wouldnt get any supper at the workhouse if you spoke to your superior like that
Ali Akman and mer Faruk Beyaz. They were signed for free by Bundesliga teams this winter transfer window.
I kinda like that they keep the flag down so play continues and they don't incorrectly stop play. Maybe linesmen should only do that on very difficult calls and not incredibly obvious ones? Does seem dumb when it's incredibly obvious.
Hes an exceptional player.Very frustrating to watch Wolves recently due to your tactical setup and the absence of Jimenez. Id love to see you play attacking football with Neto Jimenez and Traore rampaging the pitch although I know that Traore is quite inconsistent and Jimenez is still recovering of course.Hopefully you get to keep him.How has Silva been doing? I know that hes also been inconsistent in his end product.
Fati he showed a lot more in barca and the national team. If he didnt have any injury this season this wouldnt be a question I just hope both players fulfill their potential
Similar thing was a pen against Doherty vs Southampton
now you count scoring offside goals?
Defo someone else but I have also praised Ole for a good job he has done multiple times, but sadly I think he has hit his ceiling. Off pitch he is brilliant, everyone in squad likes him and plays for him but tactically I feel he is no match for Pep and Klopp
Liverpool without a goal at anfield in 2021
Maybe if this was 1938
will never not laugh at this
Please do not post private pictures of me ta.
I frankly don't think so, when i literally have no horse in this race and just giving my opinion
Martin Tyler needs the sack
Agree, it tells nothing about a player playmaking ability. I have seen some players that has very high no. of assists yet all of them are simple passes
Lmfao. I hate Chelsea, but why even watch football reffed like this?
Liverpool will score i can feel it, hear me out Ding Ding Ding 
People hardly care about how bad VAR is anymore. You can't complain because it is consistently shit. By next season everyone will say "well thats the rule. Its been like this. they should know" not addressing the issue. It is exhausting and killing the game.
No way is he actually learning Turkish just cuz zil plays for Fenerbahe lmao
Said it before: VAR shouldn't be ruling out given goals for offside unless it's a clear & obvious error.Once the lines come out it's quite obviously not a clear & obvious.
I can see Fulham getting a result today and sending Newcastle further into panic mode
Which can be debunked with stats and the eye test. But if a person refuses to accept well moving forward is better lol.
so this is the 19th CB pairing for the season and apparently Phillips is injured as well...
Excited to remind you guys that I was the first Arteta Out person. I was faced with hate. Banned from for saying that the FA Cup is nothing in comparison to the PL and CL. But I remained patient, and knew that new ideas will always be confronted with hate. Similar to the invention of electricity. People are always afraid of accepting new ideas, regardless of how great these ideas are. Why, you may ask? I like to reason this, by claiming that they fear change. Now... Well now, you see almost every Arsenal fan being Arteta Out. Don't get me wrong, it is great that they have finally came to their senses, but similar with both Wenger and Emery, they are far too late. Irreparable damage has been incurred. Very similar to Wenger, in the sense that their fear of change cost them the chance to sign a great manager like Klopp. By the time they did sack him, the options to replace him were relatively poor and unproven. Now, with the case of this man, the delay led to them missing out on a great opportunity in getting Tuchel.
Ill be looking for you the next time a Saints player dives.
I bet you slept really well after we won CL at your home ground 
Been taken over by the middle class liberal elite then, like most major cities nowadays
No just throw ins although that'd be quite funny too. Imagine Big Sam just fucking booting it
I'm not an Arsenal fan
Tuchel is crazy happy lmao
Yeah man, there's a video of him interviewing last season, he did it against Everton last season too
Well, at least he shagged you lot good.
We actually played some good footbal in the beginning but our defence was so easy break. We didnt deserve to lose 1-4. But koeman needs the respect. He is a amazing coach and with circumstances he had in the beginning and still has , with all the injures and no singings. He is doing a hell of a job. Pique s now again injured by the way. Koeman is always unlucky. Imagine what he could do with a full squad? Ansu fati coutinho aurajo roberto.
Right so the issue is that it can't be tailored perfectly on a player to player basis? It's true but not exactly a huge issue
The cheeky bastard lmfao
Nah I want em to suffer Thursday nights and an extended calendar
Honestly, who the fuck enjoys these geometry line decisions? Using the attackers shoulders when he's clearly behind has to stop.
somebody got a replay for the penalty incident?
Aren't you from Congo or something?
Cheers!
The injuries reason is pretty big tho. Only our front three, Wijnaldum, GK and our Wingbacks are ideal. Thats 4 key players out of the team. Doesnt help that TAA cant be bothered, and that Allison is out of form.
I have a baaaaaad feeling
In fairness, there is no crowd so home/away isn't really a thing right now.
Bad bait? We have been in control for the most part
He has gone out of his way to retweet ESPN and make that dig. Its really not that hard to grasp.
There's just no fucking way this should ever be a handball.
His dig can not exactly be logical and still be a dig. Which in this case, its clearly a dig.
I don't remember Sagna winning the Champions League of being part of a defence that conceded 15 goals across an entire season.
braindead hoofball and inshallah tactics, can we please switch it up a bit
> It's very unpredictable.Football journo talk for "I have no clue". Courtesy of James Horncastle.
Trent was marking a ghost too
I genuinely don't see how this is any better
No you're not. We are not scoring at Anfield
As a kid I thought being flagged offside 3 times got you a yellow card.
No, just this game. And he got dominated.
You saw the Fulham disallowed goal, right?
I'm so stoked to see Everton in CL, Ancelotti is an amazing manager and painfully underrated imo
Have you heard about the off side rule?When you understand the meaning of the beautiful rule tu casa mi casa 
Rice, soucek, fornals, antonio, coufal
>Which youngsters at your club do you believe will most likely to be stars in the future?Half of our starting XI lolBut to name drop someone people don't know, Pharrell Collins is a great prospect in our U19s. Great, tall, fast CB who also captains Germany U17s. Fantastic talent, you'll see him in the first team in a couple of years.
How the fuck is that offside....
Last season he has been good. This season, wank in most, just good in couple of games or so.
Which youngsters at your club do you believe will most likely be stars in the future?Id say Scarlett is most likely to be a star; highly talented and astute.Skipp is absolutely immense for Norwich and I think hell be a brilliant player but I also seem him as a Kane type, where hell stay at the club but likely be underrated to some extent because of it.Not sure that Cirkin, Devine or White will be stars but Ill pin them as quality starters/squad players for decent to big teams in the future if they dont stay.
should be down 2-0
Its the best way to find trending stuff
jesus that's good
vs Real Madrid 2-0 Tactical Analysis Nouman
Awful awful awful
Quick! How many Audi Cups has Kroos won?
Tossers like that will always find something to whinge about
Ziyech needs to show something today. Hes actually taken a place infont of Puli, Havertz and CHO here.
And Hudson Odoi wasn't a handball. Rules are all kind of the dumb
Another must win tonight. We need to go against expectations and pull a shock win. If we do, we leapfrog Newcastle and potentially deal a mental blow to them (even though they will have a game in hand). This could be a season-changing game if we win.
it's honestly insane. 5 CL and a WC + addons. is there anyone who won more?
Maybe the worst use of VAR yet, and that is saying something
Get in
Fuck the VAR refs. That isnt offside. They used his god damn arm for the call and not the shoulder.
can your stadium do this though
champions league spots
Yeah but we are 8 points off 4th possibly 9 if everton win I wouldnt say its quite at that level. Still doubt it happens though.
Didn't look offside to me. His arm was offside, but not the shoulder
Foden,rice,mount,Grealish,Saka,Winks,Sancho are pretty decent choices for a 4-5-1 no?
I think its difficult to argue the premier league has regressed significantly this year with their European results. The only poor result is Man United dropping to Europa and a badly beat up Leicester going out to Slavia Prague. Otherwise theyre up in every champions league tie and got 3 of 4 teams through Europa, two of them with toughish competition.
Id love to see Leeds vs Atalanta.
its pretty wild that for how shit morata was for you you still pretty much broke even on his sale
Realistically well probably get out of a group second or something, maybe scrape through the round of 16 then lose to the first half decent side a la France/Portugal/Belgium etc we face in the quarters. Which will probably be just enough for him to continue as manager. For fucks sake. So much talent squandered by this absolute fraud. In no way am I being hyperbolic when I say big Sam would do much much more with this squad.
Man United under Solskjaer have been incredibly streaky, reasonably long periods of good results followed by reasonably long periods of bad results. It's been going on ever since he became caretaker manager (where he had a good run, was given the permanent job, and went on a bad run). To me this shows that either he doesn't really know what he's doing right to get the good form, or Man United are reliant on certain players being in top form to get those good runs. To be this consistently inconsistent is not a good sign when he's over two and a half years into the job and 5 transfer windows. As for the general sentiment around him, that I'd put down to when United are in a good form Ole in crowd is boistrous, when United are in bad form Ole out crowd is boistrous - with maybe a few confused souls in the middle that can't make up their mind.
Werner is a massive donkey
Geez, It is not even between teammates this happens. People just want something to talk about.
Don't need a crystal ball to see that Arsenal were/are fucking shit mate.
Yep. A player is not in control of how many assists they can have. They are relying on someone else.
Armchair analysts are useless, but its fun for them.
fabinho time as cb has ran its course now, get the man back to midfield. mason had the beating of taa all game long, he was clueless on how to deal with him.
>its not harsh its robberyIt's the rule though. The rule isn't fair but that's a consequence of VAR. People wanted consistency so now any attacking hands is a foul, no matter the position of the hand.
hoping that he gets the goal
creator of Zonal Marking, Michael Cox it is then
Joaqun is hilarious
Post-COVID Man is just sad to watch. I hope his overall health is recovering well
He's been using a playstation controller the entire time, not even turned on
If his arm wasn't there it would've hit his leg. I don't understand the prem at all
Robertson trying to push Reece even when he's out tells me all I need to know about him
Against the big teams, the option can be Mcotminay , new DM and pogba. Bruno plays as a false 9 or in RW with cavani as striker. Else revert back to current big match formation of pogba at LW, new DM, mctominay as double pivot. Either way, without dropping one of the front three, i don't see how pogba can be accommodated.
I assume you mean World Cup, not CL ?
Gutta loicence foar dat comment geeza.
I like Tom Fordyce tbf he seems like a genuinely nice guy. Chris Stark is a bit of a twat though.
#liverpool#chelsea
Does that make city the satanic cabal of pedos?
That's a really good save, great finish from a tight angle.
Well yes, its how statistics work? This is like day one of intro to stats stuff.Its called the law of large numbers, and its the reason casinos always make steady profits despite taking huge losses or wins in every instance.
You need to look up those white people only towns in Brazil
VAR and dodgy officiating ruining the sport? Surprise surprise
He may well have but I dont think hes made it public knowledge
Mount could just reply "Thank you and i hope my first CL final to went just like yours did. With Chelsea lifting the trophy"
> Instead of making it difficult, we should be making it easier for movement of players.System-wide this is bad for player development though. For an individual player, leaving on a free to get a move to a big club might make sense but if it results in the academy closing because it's not fruitful for the club then the next generation from that town will simply not get a route into professional football at all. Access to academies is a serious problem already - most players come from working class backgrounds and they don't earn decent money for most of their time in the academy so if it's hard or expensive to get there, they will just give it up. Loads of current players have talked about bus/train fairs being almost prohibitive to training as a teenager (Leeds are in the process of moving our academy to the city centre for exactly this reason).Having a network of academies across the country is really important for this reason but all the biggest clubs are in major cities. We need smaller clubs to be developing players too but this won't happen if there's no benefit to them. Solidarity payments make it slightly harder for young players to get moves but it's basically how development at those academies is funded in the long run.
They should try rugby amirite
Happened in rugby before
Just our finishing
 Think youre being a bit harsh on your own team there...
I think he liked an instagram post from a member of the US Soccer federation?
Youre about 12 hour off there bud lol
basically when you have large revenue its easier to borrow and pay it back in small bits than saving small bits and spending after. all huge companies have large amounts of debt because of this. apple has something like 100 billion but its irrelevant since they make ~300billion every year.
Are you really advertising your comments everywhere?
Hey, the BS helped for once. Still, fuck VAR.
Casemiro, Valverde _and_ Paredes is maybe a little too defensive. James could easily be the third one over Valverde or Paredes.
When did the handball rule change so that if it deflects off the chest to the hand its not a foul?
Don't know what games are you watching but he starts with KDB at 10 and his final staggering is 3-2-4-1 or 3-2-2-3 and not 3-2-5 or 3-2-3-2 which is formed from 4-3-3.
Toni Kroos: Your mother is very honest. Not a whore  proper Lad, that But I agree, only native English speaker's would catch these small digs
Just terrible.
You're also quite soft when defending inside the box. Potter and his pansy football nonsense has corrupted people's minds
Set far too high a line considering werners pace and their CBs being a new partnership
He said it for Thiago..
Yeah, perfect response - taking a dig at a 22 yo cause its his first CL final. OK, boomer.
Don't overthink it. **Being in debt** isnt beneficial in its itself. But **taking on debt** can be, just because having money now is almost always more useful than having that money in 2 years time
Apart from the time he cried because auba wore a mask a few times
Who the hell is drawing the lines you can't score with your elbow
He's the club's captain?
Its called reckless when it doesn't work and genius when it does. That is also part of business. Most successful business people that I know have more failed companies than successful ones.
Depends on your personal political views I guess and whether you're one of those weird "keep politics out of my football/video games/politics" people.
Good morning to every Braga fan
Plastic has absolutely nothing to do with loyalty. If you make that conscious decision on who to support then you're a plastic.
Handball rule is starting to turn into the balk rule in baseball.
By the letter of the law it's a pen. In the spirit of the rule, it's not a pen.
He obviously didnt know that he had time
OUR MANS IS GETTING READY
Cracking goal
Seeing other replies saying inter 2nd, I think it have merits
Burnley is the better coached team
Fucking hell mate, this really isn't worth it, lmao. Let it go.
When I was younger I would watch those goals and skills compilation videos on YouTube and I'd think they were great fun. They still are good fun to watch but I've developed a deeper appreciation for channels like TiFo, COPA90 and the rather underrated Balon. There's something more engaging about fact-based, story driven, narratives which is at a much slower pace but you get to learn much more, and the content is much more concentrated and well presented too. Especially Balon. It's one of the best documentary channels on YouTube, and easily rivals the stuff Amazon puts out.
Their defence is shit. I swear we couldve been 2 or 3-0 easily. Ziyech is fucking invisible. Trent is shit and so is kabak.
Are you one of them nobheads who soldier on by coming into work when theyre ill?
Kenny's wearing oven gloves to handle the steaming hot takes in this thread.
If you league is shit to the point where you have to support a club from another continent, you have no business criticizing fans who stick by theirs.
atrocious "performance"
What's he suppose to do there?
trackies, an adidas top, and a bucket hat? you're gonna have to rethink that one.
Fabinho off at half time. Hes either injured or just not trying
Are u kidding me?
Oh stop it man, you just keep trolling. It's seriously annoying
Everyone who comments are braindead
Zidane had two good games in that tournament lol before Spain people were talking about how he was holding France back.
Klopp I am begging. Bring on Jota.
Yeah, he's always been terrible at defending. But now he's not contributing to the attack either. Better to do one thing well than be shite at two things.
You and I were on the same path and yours makes more sense, but there's an extra "s". I think you're right though.
Actually he said he thought it was stupid, then the internet as a whole proceeded to cry about his comment.
Zinchenko, the way he fights in a team of elites and fits right in, the way he celebrates every goal it's impossible to not love him.
His arm is by his side and the ball hits his hip if his arm isn't there... if this is the other way around, no way in hell a penalty is given. What bullshit.E: Guys I understand the rule for strikers and defenders is different. That's what I'm saying is bullshit.
Lmfao. A dutch mate of mine from Erasmus pointed out that this is quite common.
Salah looking good today
It depends on what you would consider a 'better' job than Bartomeu
Thank you, so many Barca fan friends are calling the loss and embarrasment lol
And first implies there will be more. It sounds like a compliment to me
Has he had an impressive European season once?
This save from Kasper last night
The 3 logo always looks so bad on kits imo, besides that the kit seems fine
It's a lighthearted jab, not a petty dig. These are professional athletes of the highest level, you don't think they don't get competitive? Nothing wring with what Kroos said, its like a friendly ribbing
Oh of course it can definitely improve and the more data people gather over the years the better it will get more accurate. There is still a lot more progress to be made
60m for lewa neither Chelsea nor city will pay that
Kroos thought he deserved more money and should be on the same level as some other stars at the club and Bayern disagreed.
>~~crying~~I assumed most of you were still hungover from the title win.
I remember skipping school in either 2008 or 2010 just to watch more matches. Good times.
The problem is that the rule punishes good play by a player trying to make a good run in behind. If that player does his job well, his body is oriented toward the opposition goal while the defenders' are still oriented in the other direction. So it makes it impossible for a player to make a great run like this, because they would need to start the run further back in order for their upper body and arm to be level with the defenders' feet, which would make it a worse run.
Nagelsmann back 3, sorted
Parma Inter imo
Maybe time this when we arent 2nd in the league, or use Salah and Van Dijk?
this isnt a var issue this is a rulebook issue what are you even talking about
it'd just get VAR'd. embrace the 0-0.
ORTEGA ORTEGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA&#x200B;pd : lanus vigilante
What a total farce of a league.
Werner heard you chat shit
And lots of young people always refuse to believe that what they didn't see could be better than what they do see.
That was food from Firmino, no one was there though
Seeing that offside again from the side on angle really does show how awful the call is. Dreadful decision
They were rubbish against us
Mane whiffing and it bouncing at his balls and salah passing to noone had us on the floor
He was no doubt an absolute scumbag but feel awful for his daughter having to see that, old enough she'll remember and understand it too.
And a WC medal for the icing on the cake
Does it? I just thought it was saying you werent gay.
Patrick Bamford but that's just my tastes
Im pretty confident Kroos isnt even talking shit. Just like his original comment was just a guy with a World Cup and 4 champions leagues not being impressed by anything.Still loved hearing Mason say it tho
Nonchalantitude?
Ah I see, wasnt sure if he was injured to any extent not that Id expect him to play much in front of HaalandDortmund is truly one of the most admirable clubs out there for how they treat their youth and enable them to succeed
Add in Sean Dyche for the wholesome foursome
were gonna be safe from relegation bc a fulham player had arms. what a beautiful world
Fkr unreal, title party ruined.
Kane - Gundogan - Bruno - Grealish - DiasNot really sure the order as the arguments made for why Grealish / Bruno are #1 also fit for Kane, whose G/A per 90 and more goals from open play.
Jesus, get a grip on yourself.
And that was an incorrect decision
Diego Armando Maradona
Why Salah when he was clearly the best Liverpool player? Firmino has been useless
lol Chelsea getting the luck of two calls two games running. Easily could have seen that being given.
he was asking how he was implying that since he clearly wasn't
He pass sideways and backwards pretty good.
lmao he does not give two fucks about rules, atkinson chelski fan?
TerribleEdit: people saying its harsh , its not harsh its robbery. Id be furious as a Fulham fan
Whenever I'm not doing anything at the weekends I watch whatever 3. Liga game is streaming on youtube which I never did before lol.
Any opinions on this leaked kit for us next season? Footy headlines are almost always dead on and /r/chelseafc isnt happy and I wanted to see what objective opinions are https://i.imgur.com/l8HwYRb.jpgEdit: it would seem you guys are in agreement aha
There's no consistency because the law is so fucking harsh that some referees will use their discretion to ignore it and others won't. It's completely fucking arbitrary at this point. The law simply needs to go back to what it always was -- neither one of those examples should be handball.
Since Tuchel was appointed, he had one short 18 min game and one start against United in the league, what can he prove im such short time? Keep in mind with what i said before that its also a new country, personal stuff, his family is not with him too and now under a new coach than the one who wanted him and clearly doesn't rate him here. I dont think he deserves the same treatment as someone who has been part of the club for atleast a year and underperforms. Im pretty sure he will prove everyone wrong, despite his struggles, but for that he has to play consitently
>Havertz was better in the Wolves performanceYes those 2 shots off target, unsuccessful crosses and 0 won ground duels must've helped alot.And that's the statistics side, I've watched the game aswell. Havertz looked a bit more flashy and stable but created little in the end.And again almost the entire team in that cup game was bad. You expect a player without any match rhythm to work some wonders in there?
Lmao no. It was dangerous play by that Sevilla player in the first place. Would've been atrocious if that was called a penalty. Lenglet's hand were in natural position and the ball first bounced off his chest.
don't think so, but next season
I too enjoy thousands of other people dying when my entertainment is mildly impacted.
I think you're looking too far into it. Kroos is one of the least salty players there are.
Jota coming on
TBF, son touched the ball with his hand before the spurs goal without a check. Spirit of the game says both goals stand but not the way it's applied unfortunately
Social status and money are huge bonuses.He's a very personable guy as well.Plus he's really tall which is a big thing for some women.
Scumbags gonna scumbag. Heil Pulisic!
Got 0-0 written all over it unless Salah pulls a screamer out of his arse again.
The whole thing with Ozil is such a trip. I remember how drastic of an 180 this sub did after he released those statements a couple of months after the WC. Its even more perplexing given Ozils unwavering support of Erdogan.
Guess theyll buy Van Dijk too lmao
You'll have already won it by then
Leicester 16/17
its pretty similar, also define "faster"
thought james got the ball at first - but the replay makes me think he's lucky not to get booked
Bunch on cunts Chelsea payers are.
100% can't get near Chelsea for the high press. Really well set up from Tuchel
Not at all, but there are teams such as Chelsea who have less injuries than us, so given all the injury logic flying around Chelsea should be above us? People acting like were lucky to be 2nd, its not luck
Fyi it's 'milquetoast'.
I believe the original sub went private or something so some people made r/truemuppetiers. Then the original sub reopened.
This is exactly what I'm talking about! How could that have not happened under Lampard? It wasn't exactly a masterclass by Chelsea, to be frank it was a bit of a stinky game and Chelsea managed to put the ball in the net, it happens.Lampard wasn't incapable of beating big teams
Lol, it doesn't prove anything...
That's what I don't get about the rule. It's only hand ball because they scored. How can they create a rule where an action is both hand ball and not handball.If it was a handball and they scored fine, disallow it but then to say the same rule would not give a penalty surely just means it can't be a handball.
Fuckin hell, can you limit this to r/reddevils please?
Yeah but recently it was not given against United
Well-represented European competitions
Yes you proved that take wrong by giving me one centre back
I'll concede that but I don't think that really balances out, it just doubles the filth lol.
What's repetitive and boring are these 0-0 performances
So the last seasons top 6 teams target this season was to reduce the gap with City and Liverpool. Watching no improvement from them, Liverpool feeling altruistic came down to their level.
I used to analyze a lot of games. The trick is to watch it several times. Don't just watch the ball. Pause and go back.Games with bird view are rare, because it looks less exciting, but is probably the best for analyzing as you can see the movement and organizations.Simple things like passing the ball five yards can open up great passing lanes.Team mates needs to be free, this should require movement and the opponent needs to read and adapt their positioning.A great team will move the ball so swiftly that the opponent struggle to cover all available spaces. A key to this might be stuff like allowing the opponent to press you before you find a teammate then the player pressing will be out of position...Guardiolas teams are often world class at moving the ball quickly and finding space.On the other hand, Simeones teams are fantastic at shutting down spaces and hinder the opponent at creating them.Klopps teams exploit opponent's by being aggressive and force early mistakes as teams struggle more when going from having the ball attacking phase to their defensive shape.. transitionsspielverlagerung.com is probably the best site to learn. In particular the older articles are brilliant.
I don't think he does. They were just better, atleast Suarez was and Cavani spent a lot of time at psg
Criminal to just eliminate Gundo. If you just want to go by stats then remove KDB and put Gundo in.
NOO THATS CRUEL
Great comment
Always nice with success stories like that! I think Abbott is more impressive as well, due to baseball actually being played with your hands, rather than feet. I don't think Sderstjerna took any throw-ins :P
People laugh at Real for funding Chelsea squad with Hazard money and getting knocked out by us but dont forget that Atletico Madrid gave us 105m for Morata and Diego Costa only to get knocked out by us too
Will Thiago overperform his xTU ? hopefully
I cant believe Mane nearly died on the pitch today. Fuck sake Chelsea
Oh my...
I was not expecting that
Im at the point now where even though I know its not VAR thats the problem, I dont want to watch games anymore because these tw*ts use it so poorly.Hawkeye was introduced and was seamless, everyone loved it and you could count its bad calls on one hand in individual leagues. But VAR here? Christ almighty, if the refs are too stupid or too selfish to use it properly, then get rid off it because its killing the sport.
No. One thing that would make me lose interest very quickly though would be a Super League.
He's fourth captain. 4
Whos getting offended
I used to get riled up by foreign fans and that but I've come to accept it as the way of the world, at the end of the day if you aren't brought up with your club like I was you're going to pick the best teams.
Its not just tonight either tbf, they rarely look like conceding at all.
how is it tucked it, hes got it up at the side of his head
domenic calvert lewin?
Yeah but the way he explained it was hilarious, look, its just different if you have to suffer, or even give up money for your club, even build the stadium. Thats loyalty, not sticking with your club even tho they dont play in the CL anymore. There are different levels to this.
Stones/walker. Two easily most comfortable in front of the camera
So you want attackers kicking the ball into defenders arms for a free penalty?Theres a reason its not symmetrical like that.
These constant nonsensical rule changes are a direct result of VAR. Now that every little thing has started to get checked they're trying to get rid of any bit of subjectivity in the rules. Everything needs to be black and white to make it easier to make decisions. It's a complete joke there's absolutely no chance that what we're currently seeing isn't worse than refs getting the odd decision wrong every now and then.
I'm fairly sure we're still paying his wages for this season
This will always be one of the most infamous disallowed goals for me, literally on the last match day against the team who clinched the title. I remember being exceptionally pissed at the time because I had Barca to win in a bet and I wanted to see a dramatic finish with both sides pushing for the title.
I hope Tuchel and the whole Chelsea team tells the VAR-refs to go fuck themself.
that is the least offside looking offside i've ever seen lmfao come on
The idea that hed be doing well with this squad or wed be in a good position if he stayed on is laughable
Just kick the ball at your opponent's arm and it's impossible to concede. The people that designed this rule are incompetent.
I'm sure the rules also account for how close the player is when the ball is played so it's the correct decision
Yeah I think they suffer from plastic fans the most. Again, nothing to do with what country you're from though.There are people who live in Leicester that I would consider plastic because they only claimed to be Leicester fans after we won the league.
okay, it's understandable. But Bayern will not sell for a reasonable price. Why should they? If someone would really be interested in Lewandowski, they would need to make Coutinho look cheap. Bayern has no interest in selling and somebody would need to offer such a crazy amount that they would have to say okay. But of course, no one will do that because of Lewy's age and salary.
If you look at the line its literally werners arm thats deemed offside. Yet youre not allowed to score with your arm...
WTF IS THAT!!?!?!?!?!! FUCKING BULLSHIT
THIS IS A FUCKING HANDBALL BUT HUDSON-ODOIS WASNT???
CMV:The 2017/18 tie between Real Madrid and Juventus was the most entertaining knockout match in the Champions League in the 2010sIt had:Both teams creating lots of chances in both legsCristianos amazing goalTwo red cardsJuventus making an amazing comebackPenalty controversySmall fight after the game
I think Fabinho should just move to midfield and Nat philips be given a chance in the defense.Fabinho would not allow so many attacking passages for the opposition
True Mane is annoying as fuck
May be an unpopular opinion but wasnt this scenario similar to the situation in which Tottenhams Llorente scored their goal against city in CL leading to this rule change that led to goals being disallowed in touches to arms were involved?
Which mythical manager can guarantee us long term gain?
He can get the most out of available players so im sure if he can be backed properly he will have success
Pulisic wearing 10 was probably going a bit overboard on the hype. Probably great sales though.
Even if it should be pen, lets just say it is even with the goal they disallowed.
We could do with Oli on now to compete for those long balls.
Where do you reckon a team of 11 Kantes would finish in the Prem?Youd never get the ball back for a start so I reckon top four.
Firmino's tattoo makes it look like he is bleeding from the ear.
What are alternate explanations? Fatigue, weird season, and so on?Those are things that he has to manage well, does he not?
Yeah it's clearly bitter Not to say that he cares all that much, but it's not "respect" "nonchalant" etc.
Eye test >>>
Basically just asking if opinions can be wrong. Which I believe for the most part no. You can argue for your own opinions as much as you'd like and even if no one agrees with you it doesn't mean you're objectively wrong.
All you can do is laugh at how salty he is.
Iheanacho > Mane.Mane missed the ball trying do what Nacho did yesterday when he scored.
Such a biased half time talk. We created chances too. That guy literally said it could be 1-0 for Liverpool but its 1-0 for Chelsea and only showed Chances Liverpool had what about the one which Werner missed and shot at alisson. We are leading because we deserve to.
While I've heard worse stuff in Sunday league, people thinking Rashford telling Maguire to shut the fuck up is normal, need their heads checked. It's not that big a deal and both have probably moved on from it but could you imagine Alexander Arnold telling Van Dijk or Henderson to shut the fuck up? Foden to De Bruyne?
Holy shit I thought the same thing.
Is Thiago Silva injured?
Just as poor, but fresher I guess.
I see us playing shit then i see Liverpool and think, well it could be worse.
We are shit, can't blame Insigne for it. Him and Zielinski were the only ones trying yesterday.
This is what I dont get does any arsenal fan really want to see us get battered and embarrassed in the CL all the time again?
They say Fat Sam casts a shadow so dark and terrible, that if it passes over a feild, for even a second, a seasons crop is ruined
He'd be brazils best player
Klopp has actually lost the plot tonight. Absolutely bizarre tactics and subs.
I don't want him at City. People say this all the time but it really would make the league a joke
What is wrong with refs that is unbelievable. We had Hudson-Odoi hit the ball at head level and that wasnt a hand ball but this is. How? Pure stupidity.
The best Brazilian out of the 3
It tells you *something*, but the problem is people taking it out of context, like every other stat.
our defense 
Few weeks before prem football gets suspended to watch Sothgate play 5atb with 2 dm's against San Marino
Whenever i watch a Chelsea game under Tuchel they look so good.
I assure you not
The new superstars of football will need to cut their arms off!
And this video clearly shows why the rule is wrong.
Sevilla was robbed yesterday.
Made me laugh, calling him this from now on
Well dont edit your comments if you dont want to be called out
Its only logical. Bout time we see alar in the Champions League
Wenger trusts in peak Puligod
fucking bollocks, arm was to his side wtf
Glad weve got Martin Tyler reminding us its at Anfield every two minutes. Id have no idea otherwise.
With Bayern seemingly twerking for Qatar even with the backlash I'm not really that much of a symphatizer anymore. The nr 1 thing I liked about them was them being the contrast to oil clubs and "cheaters", because they genuinely built their empire with their own work through decades. But you can't post Queer colours on social media and then have Qatar on your sleeves, thats pathetic. Meanwhile Kahn is creating a visionary project called "Bayern Ahead" which shall ensure that Bayern stays competetive and progressive in modern times and future, which further damages their believability . That banner nails it really therefore.So Bayern aren't really bought by criminals but they do business with them and that takes away substantially from the superior authenticity they had in comparison to the oil clubs imo. Weirdly enough I'm still rooting for them, I know it's wrong but times are rough rn so I don't feel that bad about it. Once Corona is over and I get a job etc. I'll stop following them naturally.
I would have preferred that Werner's goal didn't get chalked off
That's what you hope, and you think there's no misunderstanding? Hahaha mate get a grip
10 goals in 35 apps is not as bad as people make him out to be.
but still salty and petty after all that success and aging.
Gonalo Ramos and Pedrinho both starting, hoping to see some nice stuff between the 2 of them.
Will Klopp get fired? 5 losses at home doesn't seem normal
England really do have an incredible squad for the Euros and World Cup this time
Arteta's tactic is that Saka or Pepe will create a moment of magic despite the odds.It works at times because Saka is brilliant, and Pepe has his flashes. But today against a well organised, well drilled defence - we couldn't get it done.We played a lot of hopeful balls, a lot of poor balls. Emile Smith Rowe and Odegaard struggled to influence the game. Saka and Pepe got the ball but everything was way too slow, and Auba is not a presence in the box.Auba wasn't the best choice for the game. We play better with Lacazette. Martinelli deserved to play 60 minutes at least.
Coward doesn't have an MLS championship OR MLS Supporter's Shield. Couldn't do it on a rainy night in Chester, Pennsylvania
Yeah the original intent behind banning deflections right off the arm directly into the goal I can get behind.I have no idea which anal retentive asshat in IFAB decided to extend it all the way back to these kinds of situations. Those tend to be the kinds of people who are attracted to working in standards bodies though.
Honestly that's just a joke. No way that's a handball.
Yeah and a big deal was made about it the first time. Also, there isnt as much animosity between rugby fans as football
Horrible horrible decision
Not been available though
Best thing about stopping smoking is that you can always start again
The clearest penalty ever lmao fug dis
I feel vicarious outrage for them
oh i get you
Everybody knows Bexley is the only one worth winning
big mon mane
His decision making this season has been rather poor.
I can sense a late equaliser here...
He doesn't trip Mane, he doesn't impede Mane, he doesn't negatively impact Mane's attempts on the ball. Contact like that is made all over the pitch constatnly, but because the reward for going down is pretty much a goal you want players to dive because of soft contact.
Most people on here are clueless about united, none more so than United fans
What do you mean "maybe Newcastle fans". Damn fucking straight we would
Absolute disgrace by the Premier League
If you have some outstanding debt you can deduct it from your assets/income and thus pay less taxes
You dont get it. According to Kalle Rummenigge Bayern are the good guys being patient with Qatar and are secretly trying to export the idea of human-rights to them consequently by doing business with them. Just wait till Qatar officially reform their laws, thanks to K.H. Rummenigge.
Why do Madrid fans hate their players so much?
Werner is gonna get every manager fired at Chelsea lmfao
once again, for people like you who have absolutely no reading comprehension. all i did was point out what mount said. please learn how to read.
Inter getting closer to the Scudetto
I don't know. My n'est guess is that he's got a massive ego and thought he deserved to play in a better team. Now that it's confirming we're going for the title, he's got his excitement back
Reddit app is shit
Then youre playing dodgeball not soccer. He can have arms? Then please, tell me where he is supposed to put them while dodging a ball from 3 feet away.
I meant actually toast dipped in milk
Thats crazy, player 3 shocked me
Since theres a lot of conversation on the clubs right now thought Id share some Celtic banners from our games against RB clubs; Leipzig (A), Salzburg (H), Leipzig (H).
City fans dont support genocide they support their club nothing more nothing less, rich people tend to get what they want and do what they want. For reference Im going to assume you support arsenal kroenke bought a very large ranch and one of the residents on that land committed suicide leaving a note blaming stan, thats just one story that I know off theres probably more
Almost every league that implemented VAR had a terrible first season in regards to ridiculous decision, but by season 2 mostly got it going really well Somehow English refs are either incapable, and/or unwilling to properly implement it.
Shocked that isnt given, his hand isn't in a natural position and is making himself bigger
Dijkstra's algorithm for reference.
Yeah Im not claiming refs are against us or something, Im just really fucking pissed
Liverpool genuinely look so lethargic
Had a good laugh
Explains his header to higuain then lol.
Liking an Instagram photo from his countrys Paralympic team mate is weighing in on the content of the hidden caption? This is really getting out of hand. Worlds gone mad.
It really is the hope that kills you
We did a couple years ago though. Prime Thiago Silva and Godin at the back, prime Vidal and James in the midfield. Much better than what we have now.
I genuinely thought I was going crazy with how casual the BT commentary about it being disallowed as if it was a remotely correct decision.
Oh mane edit: that pass form salah though
Don't care if all of his arm is beyond the line. That should never be offside
neither should it
Imagine losing 3 or four key players, including your record fee defender, who finished 2nd 3rd? in Balon d'Or voting...
The passing needs to be more succinct and precise tbh. Liverpool's passing has been extremely lethargic, as have their runs.
not being narcissistic =/= not having great motivation and professionalism
People give him flack for that but maybe he knew in his head that he wasnt comfortable taking it and it wouldve led to him missing. I think it was Neuer who took it and scored anyway.
Foul him! Foul him!
Liked a post on Instagram supporting the invasion of Capitol Hill or some dumb shit like thatEdit: f
The Tory prince look, it's not bad
dumbest website ever. kante's hand is so clearly tucked in lmao. not even a chelsea fan but this is so clearly not a penalty
Firmino and Minamino kinda sound similar. Does anyone know hat do these names mean in their respective languages?
good grief that was a hard game, If Fulham go down they might be the best team I've seen go down. Dominated us in that second half and got done in by a shit VAR check. Just really hope that was the last time I ever have to watch Doherty play for us tbh
Hes correct
What a ball by Mo
He and 2 other athletic people have a podcast called the zonal marking, if you're interested
I will not watch the Premier League if VAR is still a thing next season. Sorry, I'm out on this. It's so un-fun. I can't even celebrate goals for Liverpool anymore until 5 minutes after the fact.
The only decent team we've beaten in 2021 is West Ham but for some reason I feel confident for our game against Chelsea tonight.
Yeah, Im worried
There really is no consistency at all in the EPL
Is this seriously happening?
Don't know that I'd be confident with such a small amount to go on
Mourinho. Klopp is great but he still has some way to go before he surpasses Mourinho.
Absolutely in both cases. I'd probably hop on the inevitable AFC bandwagon.
Beat you to it
Fair enough, lol
Imagine there are people saying Mason Mount is just a teachers pet who doesnt deserve to start for Chelsea or England. Imagine being that much of a halfwit.
Really? You can't google pulisic facist, and see the many, many links?t
>2 goals from 45 shots in the last 23 appearancesTimo Werner everybody
Lmao we finally can play 11v11 with him off!
> shouldnt give anything away for freeI dont get what youre trying to say. Years of training is nothing in your eyes?
Benjani
You played 15 matches in the league in 2021 already? That's mad no?
If Pulisic scores three times, Trump will be inaugurated
According to the rules, it's a correct decision. The rules are also different for attackers vs defender. However, this is clearly BS rule.
Kante what a passssssss
I'm not trying to win an arguement by posting here, actually want to see what other people think about this.
Are there any good DMs in the market right now? I can't think of any cheap ones actually.
Ranieri is the only manager in Prem history that hasn't won a league title outside of the Premier league. You're talking nonsense.
Task accomplished!
I think that season Payet is my favorite player outside of City. I've never had a strong feeling towards other club's players, but he's definitely one.
Liverpool are trying to make anfield good again
Hahahha Man Utd shit Hahahah give me upvotes
Mane looking for the ball after he misses LMFAO
Agreed. Its the most harmless, milk toast banter yet everyone is screaming WELL ACTUALLY MASON....
Fair enough. It's frustrating because Davinson has all the attributes needed to become a top defender. He's physical, decent in the air, very pacey and good tackling ability. It's just his concentration and positioning that needs work. That'll come with time, but I'm not sure if we're willing to give it to him if he keeps costing us.
Well it did for us three times this season, it just works like that. Needs to change
Mane is so terribly out of form.
Indian Dortmund fan never seen one before
Cant be a penalty. Too close distance
You sound like a twat. I'd like my players to have humility and respect.. especially towards legends of the game.
Hasn't even won a Thomas Cook trophy, just an average player.
Kante still isn't a DM.
Normally Id agree, but his subs were awful today and playing the high line. Its on him as well this result
Neither will be winning it most likely. It will be mostly be Fernandes or Kane and I think it would be deserved too. I am hoping Grealish wins it but its very unlikely, especially if he doesnt return soon. I think people are sleeping on Kane. With Bale seemingly getting back some form, Kanes numbers are going to increase. He could end up topping both the scoring and assisting charts.
Bit silly to consider it a handball when if the hand wasn't there, ball would've still deflected off the player's body... The rule should make allowances for such events
Not really, it's a different ruleset if you score a goal right after
Fair enough
The ball still wouldve hit his side and gone the same way wtf?!?
I think people know the rules. Its just that the rules are pretty shit
There is also the aspect of being literally "good enough" for the PL, as in player quality, regardless of the time taken by a certain player to adapt to the PL. I think he was referring to just that.
Yeah I get that.Completely ruined the game.
Ball has barely stopped but guarantee we get 3+ minutes of added time
Like none of them are actually from Manchester or the UK
Schrodinger's striker
why do we insist on playing such a high line with this makeshift defense?
Where are you that theres not a single club within 250 miles, even at a lower level? Genuinely interested, not trying to have a go!
Criticism for Hazard isnt just because of his performance, its because he was brought in for >100 million euros and has played like twenty games, he arrived overweight, and he was laughing yesterday after getting knocked out.Modric and Kroos arent criticized because theyre club legends who have been elite all season and are running on fumes at this point. Plus Modric wasnt that bad yesterday.
I thought it had to be a part of the body you can legally score with. Or is that just a proposed change?
No, he actually produces when not playing well
Centreback pairing #19 incoming 
The rules are different for attacking and defending.
TIL that is not a nickname for Liverpool
Why do Liverpool fans think Jota will be the saviour? He's had a few good games for Liverpool but everyone seems to forget how inconsistent he was at Wolves
Psychedelic camera angle on Tuchel there
2 minutes ahead of your stream is where we are
38 points from 38 0-0 draws
I dont understand why players cant just not say shit on social media. I know Kroos didnt say anything controversial nor bad but now he gonna be in memes and his name in headlines lol Maybe thats just me being that I am more of a private person and would hate to see my name on headlines good or bad
>in our last 8 games weve won 2 Tottenham have also won just 2 but have lost other 6.Liverpool have Lost 4 of their last 5.Leicester are going through injury crisis.Chelsea have drawn last 2.And one of Liverpool or chelsea will drop points or both
Sacchi's or the English one?  the first one in the mid-late 00s, with Barca's rising. However, it didn't truly died, just transitioned to the 4-2-3-1.  couldn't say about the English one, but everywhere else was pretty obsolete since the 80s, both Catenaccio and the Dutch school (that eventually gave birth to both Cruyff's 4-3-3 and Sacchi's 4-4-2) were superior.
Basically whatever Madrid did in the second leg, but with much more energy.
I'm sorry but a 4-3-3 seems unreasonable, I think any DM in the world would struggle in a midfield three with such attack minded players as Pogba and Bruno.Unless you instruct both of them to operate in deeper areas, but why would you handicap the team like that? I feel like people are so fixated on formations they're forgetting the roles and dynamics that players have with each other on the pitch means much more than some simple numbers on paper. Bruno is one of the best players in the league when he plays further up the pitch and Pogba is more effective in those attacking areas, as we've seen recently with him on the left wing.Ideally speaking, this would be my go to team for next season:---------------------------Henderson-------------------------------AWB-------Lindelof--------Maguire-------Shaw------------------------------New DM-----------Fred------------------------New RW---------------Fernandes-------------Pogba--------------------------------------Cavani-----------------------------I love Rashford, but I feel like we're a more effective unit against low blocks with Pogba starting as our left winger. Would you really want Bruno or Pogba to have less influence on the game just for the sake of fielding some fan favourites? It's not like he'll even get frozen out of the team either, there's no chance Cavani plays many games next season so Rashford could very well rotate between the right wing and striker position, and so could Greenwood.
Yes yes fuck that piece of shit Robertson
How is Sanchez getting on at Inter? Seems to be having a good game against Parma.
Someone please quote the EXACT line from the laws of the game that indicate that should be a penalty.
Imagine if we had a non ridiculous VAR implementation and Chelsea were starting the second half 2-0. They'd feel more comfortable.
yeah, he's carried the ball excellent, produced some solid passing forward and been all over the pitch.
> and sources told ESPN that interested clubs would need to offer 60 million to start negotiations over a possible move.Why are you doubting them? Makes perfect sense that Bayern would sell Lewy just to not even get the money to get a replacement. Wonder how long it will take until Kahn tells the press that he does play Monopoly, too.
The two players who are actually trying are taken off
r/soccer has banned a bunch of trolls so I wonder how long this nonce lasts
I like it
I think that without the narcissistic attitude and the extra arrogance that Ronaldo had, he would not have been one of the greatest in the game. It's his first motivations.
Still in confusion why Salah was brought off over Mane
how aren't you banned yet
Damn Christensen just beat Mane in a sprint
Boring answer but both. Theres a huge difference between when Liverpool came second 2 seasons ago, and us coming second last season.
Watch different leagues. I stopped watching serie a outside milan games because the quality is horrid, also refs are braindead. I shouldnt know every refs name and how useless they are. I watch bundesliga now, entertaining as fuck and the refs for the most part arent braindead. If im going to watch a league not known for defending ill go ahead and watch that league. If someone tells me one more time serie a is a defensive league ill blow my head off. You only have to watch napoli vs sassuolo yesterday to realize the quality of defenders and defendi g tactics in majority of top half teams is nonexistent
Theres nothing the Fulham player could do here save for have his arms up and away from his body which would be a unnatural position. The rule is utterly broken given that its not called consistently from game to game let alone within some games. Fullaham deserved the goal here and we got as lucky as Newcastle did against us in our first game.
Liverpool's next game is against Fulham...fair enough, resting Salah makes sense now!
Is that supposed to be a bad thing? We've created plenty
"Reddit assemble" movements almost never go anywhere, a'd when they do, they usually have little to no impact
Thats the most Dutch thing Ive read all day.
Its not football anymore.
Ok. You are entitled to your opinion
I know that it's the rules themselves that are fucked, but the fact that this was not a handball, but the Fulham goal was ruled due to "handball" is mind boggling.
Tried to push him over several times before James threw it away?
It shouldn't be this complicated. Imo that was a pen. Unnatural position of arms
That's just not true
Last seasons 5-3 between these two teams would probably be the last time weve had a game like that between the big 6
I mean they still have St Maximin and Wilson and I suppose Joelinton so they wouldn't be completely fucked. But that's assuming they have a competent manager. Steve Bruce isn't even close to being competent. He's barely a Championship level manager let alone Premier League
I thought you were joking, but no, everyday, and that's pretty much the only comment they posted
stop the count, we have a winner
That was awful. Truly awful.
bs doing a fantastic job at wba
Jota is back!
Yeah, call me biased lol but the man has not only been a magical player in terms of dribbling and creation, but he has also been an insanely lethal goalscorer. He is pretty much the complete offensive player, except for his heading ability which is obviously lacking. He can solve tough situations with a clarity and consistency that very few ever possessed, if ever.I get the Maradona crowd, but he hasn't done it for as consistently and as long as Messi has. I do appreciate Maradona a lot, but Messi is just completely ridiculous.
That is nuts. So even if its not a handball, they will bring it back for touching the hand ahaha
Every league has that rule, no?
I hope Salah dives and gets a penalty just to see the outrage after the dogshit offside call lmao
Keita & Mane.
Pulisic. Hes going full counter attack.
What if this is the new normal and theres only 1 goal a match in every non city match
Break his FIFA disc
I think VAR is overall useful. A few rules clarifications like that one and it should go much faster. If your two lines comparing the position of the players are so close to each other that you aren't sure, call it not offside and be done with it. No need to scrap the whole system.Refs have made bad decisions, with the added information of VAR they should make fewer of those but we shouldn't expect that number to automagically be zero. I think that's causing a lot of issues. Everybody expecting VAR to cause world peace instead of just reducing the number of obvious mistakes.
>Tjay De Barr, Gomez, Lee CasciaroDelete Gomez' first name because you might get banned from Reddit otherwise
Tammy just isn't good enough to be a starting striker for us and you can see it plain and simple if you just watch a few chelsea games instead of just looking at the statsAs for Havertz he was great and would sometimes be the best player on the pitch before covid. Werner on the other hand I agree he gets too much leeway and should be on the bench when all our wingers are fit and we aren't playing with two strikers. Also it's hard to hate him when he constantly gives it all he can of the pitch and never gives up even if it's not working
Still laughing at the ball getting punted off manes face
Injured.
You guys are going down
It does say if it immediately leads to a goalscoring chance, so I guess it depends on how immediate that is deemed to be.
I remember the last time United went to the Eithad and everyone was saying they would get smashed, United even gave them a 2 goal lead.
Only thing hes missing is an Audi Cup winners medal.
Damn winning at anfield isnt special anymore :
Absolute joke of a rule
Pulisic may not pop up on the stat sheet but he regularly destroys his opponents with facts and logic
Would help if it didnt take 10 years to find match threads
Nah, I'd say Shaw is a fair shout over Walker he's been good. 2 or at best 3 players make it though.
Could also show level of opposition.
I'm not sure I follow. What does his arm being up before the ball was kicked matter to the situation?
This PL season is actually amazing. People take it for granted imo. Yes the winner is already chosen but the rest of the spots are so close
Lol thought all these comments were just exaggerating as usual, but god damn, that is one of the dumbest calls this season.
Its by his fucking side. Wtf he meant to do there? What a joke.
Such a great insight into his tactics lol
Because people upvote what they want to be true and what causes drama
The timeline doesn't even match up at all. The fact that people believing that gained any traction is embarassing
Did anyone else notice Mount's kamehameha celebration?
Gundogan literally got racially abused by his own fans lmao
Yeah I feel the same. Hoping that he still can get his redemption tonight.
Take a chill pill. You said you didnt understand what it meant so it got explained to you, which is fair. Its moaning afterwards about the word thats almost existed for 100 years thats stupid. And its funnier that saying another country specific word should have been used instead.
When does this contract run out?
How do you get a flair?
That why they're both at fault. Bruce for being garbage and Ashley for keeping him when it's clear he's not good enough.
Same. The only reason I watch is because 2 hours of distraction.
Power cut in Ohio
According to VAR earlier in the match, you actually CAN play the ball with your hand, per that atrocious offside call
Koeman should prepare for his poch appointment first
Timo heard your hate!
Totally agree with you there
Not sure if you have seen our lineup but its very defensive. Haven't watched a lot of you guys lately, but if you still press hard, Jorginho will get fucked. And Ziyech has been our worst player the last few times he has played. Help.
I see we've reached the *throw a penalty taker on and pray* stage
Offside
Martin Tyler telling Carragher he "lives and breathes" Liverpool. Has he listened to his commentary lately? He's one more loss away from supporting Everton again.
Checkmate I guess
More like English refs ruin VAR
I will add Berardi, Locatelli, Castrovilli, and Belotti to that list
------DM-------  --Bruno-Pog----  --RW--ST--LW--And defensive transitions likely pushes Pogba into a 4231. This 433 keeps the effect of Bruno and pushes Pogba further up. If we don't sign a DM, we're playing one of Mctominay/Fred in a pivot with Pogba, or both in the pivot and Pogba LW, Rashford RW, and that means either no RW signing or deliberately not playing our new RW. Or Rashford benched.
Good job, Vamos Boca
When fit I would agree. But the way things are going don't think a fully fit squad will be available for many matches.
If this is a handball, how was Hudson-Odoi's not???
World Cup Winner, Treble winner, and 4 time UCL winner sleeps ok
Hate to see it but consistency is key
That was a completely idiotic use the VAR, on that margin there is zero fuckin advantage gained.
I always remember that bit of Italian commentary where Cannavaro is clearing the defensive line and keeps attacking the ball. The commentator, musically and loudly, keeps shouting CANNAVARO every time he headed it clear again.
Funny how people like you make these excuses for him every fucking week.
Funniest part is that the guy youre arguing with is a yank PSG fan
the only consistent the refs are is consistently shit.
yesbut only because sevilla have a structure based on their defense. They don't have better personnel but they have 11 men fighting tooth and nail to get back in position
Little finger clearly offside
How has Thiago been for Liverpool?
No it was purely salary demand, he requested +10M and match Neue salary which was rejected by our board,so he wanted to leave.
Curtis Jones maybe
Call me zil because Im handing out these assists
Anytime Cavani plays he is starved off any crosses, I am like why even have a striker if u r not feeding balls to him.
Hope hes okay
we are shocking
If he dived its a pen
AC have been outstanding.
Lampard bought a lot of shit last summer but I still have faith in Werner for some reason
What the actual fuck is this shit? Fuck VAR, hate it so fucking much! Fuck, fuck, fuck...
Giroud
I do not care who takes over Newcastle United, if it means we'll win competitions I'll be all for it. I would not give a fuck who it is or what they've done, nor would I care what's said about the club by fans of other teams.
Everything to me is more like what Ronaldinho won, that is everything.
Pogba came off the bench to assist the winning goal
Are players supposed to run without pumping their arms?
Ok, and how did you come to this conclusion?
He liked something on with and anti antifa caption
Absolute class
The latter mate.
A show of respect and support with a little banter on the side. Good stuff.
I could see him being quite the talent in a Klopp system since he has all the physical abilities needed to succeed in his system
Yeah that's clear offside tbf
Q comes on the pitch for Chelsea
Yea thanks son, I remember Lampard, he was the same guy who had plenty to say about guys like Bisela and Klopp during his first 18 months of management and celebrated beating the former by singing on camera? Same guy who was accused of going to press to get his manager sacked? Im not advocating being a prick by any means but Mounts comments were absolute nothing, Kroos was dismissive of Chelsea in his interview and Mount obviously felt slighted about it, he hardly went in on him, it was an innocuous comment and after both games he was behaving respectfully with the Madrid players and swapped jerseys with Modric last night. Theres a big difference between arrogance and believing you belong amongst the best and I really dont get the view that Mount falls into the former category. There are a lot of emotions involved in football and its totally natural that managers and players sometimes act on them, even saint Frank did on occasion.
He plays on the right wing but he can play as a CAM aswell. He had extremely good performances in the Netherlands U21, a team stacked with talent.But our manager likes to play fossils instead of youngsters, even in cup games. Thats why mer Faruk Beyaz left. Im scared itll slow down Ferdis development aswell
Hes young and thriving, its natural for him to take such things a little personally
Not gonna lie I felt bad for Arteta, seeing his frustrated reactions on the sideline. It was like some gang kidnapped his family and Arsenal needed to score to free them.
Does Ashley Cole say interesting shit though?
That's true. Obvious the bloke isn't arsed about trophies or owt if he's joined Arsenal. He's become a proper sick note since signing anorl, probably thinks he's on holiday compared to working with a proper manager.
Horrible call
Liverpool got gifted the offsideShould be 2-0 rn tbf
But it's a piss poor rule its disingenuous to the game. If the only way to not have this happen is to cut off your arm. The rule is fucked
Legend
Yeah sure it does.
One right below you pal
Just when you thought refs couldnt be worse, this happens..
His arm is literally tucked into his body... I actually don't know what he could've done to stop it from hitting his arm????
I love it in a world cup / euros when it's in the knockout stages and the clock gets to 92:48 and you can see all the subs and bench from the winning team just itching to sprint onto the field in their bibs.
I think the vast majority of fans for any club would choose the former.Given just how many dodgy owners exist then another one won't make much of a difference.
Didn't even looked like they put the line on the furthest part back of Robertson's hand
Yeah, so pretty much players can't have their arms now. What a week it has been for the PL, first the dissallowed free kick goal which should stay, then the Hudson-Odoi handball not being a handball and now this lol, what was he supposed to do with his hand? Rip it off?
Clearly not, as you saw yesterday. If you had more than a singular braincell you would see that he was completely off the game yesterday and we still won convincingly.
For fans it is. For professionals working on the game it is not
He wasn't fouled, but he should've dove there.
He thinks he's a cheeky Manc cunt instead of the regular variety
Hahaha top bins all around
The decision is correct but the rule is dumb. I think the rule is that if it hits the arm at any point on the way to a goal then the goal is disallowed.
Dismissed racism..d'oh!
i thought so this will help me greatly in my potter overrated agenda 
Yes, I love the direction football has taken since the introduction of VAR! This is exactly what we want football to become, fantastic!
That's atrocious
Trent is still the best RB in the world? Lmao
The fact that they say he WILL be world class kind of proves what I am saying, because the amount of times last season I saw opposition fans calling him world class is actually weird to see as a United fan, that has cooled down now thankfully. Rashford can be world class, but he is still at least two tiers down. Decision making is Dan James level sometimes.
they are laughing i reckon
Im not saying Elneny is a better player, he shouldnt be for what you paid for Fred. What I am saying is that they are not to far away from eachother. The lack of pressing stats are more form the way we set up than eleney being unable to press. Its rare we set up in a way we did against United. I do think if you take out Fred and put Elneny in there, the drop in quality will be visible, hed do a good job. Overall eleney shouldnt be anywhere near any top 6 starting 11 but if it came to it hed do well instead if Fred.
If football is a shit sport, what tier is baseball? I like the continuity of the game, and the simple rules that create complexity
I see what you mean. Think Firmino is a good example of the opposite, getting tons of criticism for doing basically what Werner does, rather than people saying he's unlucky or on bad form
can 1 of u stats freaks tell me if brighton are creating high quality chances leading to high xg or are just racking up 100 low quality chances leading to a build up of xg
Mane lmao
So it was kind of like a reverse loan. Weird
Thats nowhere near a handball  ref fresh out of clown college
What happened to Mane? I thought he was Liverpool's best player last year. Mistake after mistake this year.
The wiggly pattern looks bad in general, but I really don't understand the point of that chessboard on the bottom right, looks like someone wanted it to be different just for the sake of being differentYellow looks alright for the side stripes, but Nike logo and the Chelsea crest outline should've just been white imo
Incredible how Mount is Chelsea's most important attacking player. After all the spending I was expecting him to be a really useful squad option.
Sorry son, can't have this goal because the top inch of your shoulder was offside.
When it ruins the sport, they can
God it's hard to decide what result do I want for the Madrid derby. On one hand, need Real to drop as many points as possible before Ramos's return because with him the chances of narrow victories increase, as observed last season after restart. On the other hand, the derby is one of the few games where Atleti look like they might drop points.
Occasionally he does, but its not all the time
Fair enough then, I disagree, if a rb Salzburg type of change happened to my club, with the fucking owners even mocking the angry fans with that goalkeeper socks shenanigans, I really wouldn't support whatever the fuck this new club is , because it isnt Benfica. Different experiences I guess, epl is already used to that in a way.
I would love for a reporter to interview him at length about all the things he believes
They are delusional. Let them rot.
Look at the discussion that has stemmed ... he was
There was like a month or two at the start of the season when Spurs were one of the most common flairs here. Probably as common as Liverpool or United
Or give a more clinical forward line so they can convert the chances the midfield creates for them.
You said "right now" in your original comment. Right now Rodri is easily better than Pogba.
Yeah he's definitely belittling him. "It's only your first rodeo, kiddo"
> What if we boycotted it as a sub?Never gonna happen.Remember when everyone was boycotting Blizzard because of Hong Kong, and then a week later no one talked about it anymore ? Now imagine millions of people passionate about football boycotting the biggest sporting event in the world, especially when all their friends and family are still enjoying it.The only way I see something potentially happening is through FAs, maybe a couple of countries could get the debate going.
Living rent free in Culos heads
Might be wrong, but isn't he doing better now by playing a deeper role and letting Verratti go forward more?
Nice shot!
Werner cant get on the end of anything.
Yep ;f
Croke park in Dublin has a capacity of over 80,000 and would be potentially suitable for a second stadium in Ireland
you're a sorry excuse for a troll man
I actually think the disallowed goal on Kane was a lot worse than this one which is still stupid. Lucas was fouled, so if there's no advantage to be had because of the handball, it should have been our free kick from the first foul anyway. And to make it worse, it didn't even hit Lucas's arm, it was his shoulder and back.
No, not yet, but what does that have to do with this incident? And VAR may have been at fault there, sure.  >still saying "Fuck VAR" etc. for stuff like this.  I'm clearly saying that VAR isn't the issue *here*. I'm not saying that VAR is never the issue. I thought that was clear enough anyway, I don't know how you could have read that from what I said.  **edit**: just seen that incident and it's correct by the laws of the game. So, again, VAR just did it's job, and ruled the goal out according to the laws of the game. IMO that should be a goal, and I'm sure most level headed fans who've played the game will agree, but again it's *the laws that are bullshit*, not VAR in that incident too.
MONEY MASEEEEEEEEGDBSBSHSBD
why did he respond then ? it obviously bothered him
Theres a maximum of 17 games left if we get to the UCL final.Maybe 10 starts during his contract?
I love how hard Timo fucking works.
How do you think artetas interesting tactic of pass sideways in the 90th minute when you need a goal is going? Is this a potential meta tactic in the future?
this year has been awful
Good luck to you guys for the rest of the season. Hope Barca and Atleti fuck each other up and draw 4-4 or some shit like that.
How much have Barca spent only to have your academy lads carry the team?EDIT: Obvious disclaimer for 'academy lad' Messi who's not normal.
Any Napoli fans that can tell me what their manager is like? Weve just been linked to him.
Outscoring their opponents as opposed to trying to hold 1-0 or 2-1 leads all the time
That needs guts to speak something like that before the match. Anyone can trash talk after winning.
Nova Petropolis does indeed sound like a place old Nazis would manufacture a laser cannon in an underground facility in.
Klopp has no plan B
But your team is better in other areas. Theres a reason your team won La Liga last season.
Who actually cares?
58:25 tv
Wow...
That's a really bad way to look at it. The best player is one who shows it on the pitch. No point in saying X player is more talented if Y player is the one who's actually showing his worth on the pitch.
I don't know exactly what you're insuniating here but I think this guy is definitely not gay and I will defend him until my last breath.
15 managers in 18 years is crazy
Wouldn't he wish him luck in person or something thats not twitter? It seems like he took exception to what he said.
I respect your opinion, dont get me wrong. I respect the loyalty you have for your existing club the way it is. I guess the difference in culture is big here. For me, as long as Ive been a wolves fan its been privately owned so the only thing thats ever mattered to me is the experience of the fans in that context. FOSUN have been good to us so I cant complain, but I can see why it would affect Portuguese football fans so much.
Aye you can tell whos never played football based on the comments in here. It was a difficult chance.
>- in American sports, we have video review, but they only overturn where the video shows "clear evidence" it was off... otherwise it stands AS CALLED on the field. That was terrible, they should have said "no clear evidence" Too sensible.
They made a debt-equity swap.
Get out of supergarlicbreads hole u egg. Wont tell you again.
Oh fucking hell
No need for that mate
Levante vs Bilbao who will probably win?
I can't fault the VAR or ref in this instance. It's the law that's messed up, they simply interpreted it.
Jones I get, Salah I dont
But think of poor Schalke. They deserve *some* good in life
The Fulham call was atrocious
What managers/coaches in your opinion are in the same tier as Pep and Klopp? Poch, Tuchel, Zidane are all in a tier below for me
Liverpool in general shows, that they have some players that highly profit from the collective. Allison is another example. Not even a top5 GK this Season.
The hello? Comment naw it isnt fam.
boooooo! LEVITATING
where my VAR at, someone didn't file their taxes on time, speeding fine, anything?
Anelka said in his netflix documentary that hed never admit someone was better than him, even if it was true. I like that. That shows you the mentality of elite athletes.
Leverkusen did that with Lewandowski and Hyypi not long ago.They played some good stuff and I think their best season in the last 10 years was under that duo. Don't think they got along though, and Lewandowski stepped down saying he prefers working in youth football (which now looks very sinister following his suicide).Hyypi going solo got him eventually found out, only for Lewandowski to came back for a couple of games and to save them CL football before going back to youth football.
He did the Chunkz dance lets goooo
The whole thing was just so unnecessary, lmao.
The rule is like this to prevent the attack gaining a massive advantage. Players would just aim at the arms of their opponent in the other case leading to more penalties as it is higher likelihood of scoring. Doesnt work the same for defenders as a mishit can affect them much more negatively.
It's not incompetent refereeing. It's literally just shit rules.
If youre on mobile you just tap it, and it becomes hidden
Im gonna be so angry if the team who signs Benteke on a free this summer doesnt announce him with this https://youtu.be/S0OXZHYW4VI
>Martin Tyler telling Carragher he "lives and breathes"Whereas Martin Tyler just breathes and breathes...
In fairness theyre relegation not mid table
The way Mount said it was like he was making a point about the team being bigger than any individuals but ofc people are gonna run with it. And frankly I love the drama!
Wo ist ~~Mikkel~~ Kai?
He played at these clubs because he was talented enough to play for them and not because he just got lucky
What's mad is that a vast majority of the sub won't have even seen Ole play...
Arsene is literal genius
Fucking done
Charity FC to the rescue tonight
What in the fuck was that call? 0 consistency this season. Everything should be a handball now in the box if it hits anywhere from fingertip to below shoulder.
I'm counting that as a goal scored.
For "You'll Never Walk Alone" I had to actually look up the Celtic Wiki (a fan run Wiki site for all things Celtic) and they've said the song was popular in the charts in the 1960's and that, like a lot of football chants, is how it came to be. Other chants we have that we coopted from popular songs are:Just Can't get Enough - Depeche Mode The Logical Song - Scooter Enola Gay - OMD Hey Jude - The Beatles Kingston Town - Boney M I wanna be Adored(Edouard) - The Stone RosesHeartache - Bonnie Tyler  Ninetoes - FinderThere's many more as well, but those are our most recent ones.
I think youll stay up. Parker has done a good job since the begging of the season. Newcastle are far, far worse than you.
We really dont. Centre backs arent great, centre midfield isnt balanced
I'm feeling a goalfest. 4-3 Chelsea
And still people dont rate Mount smh
deleted
Should they just measure it from the feet for offside atleast
Do you have a link to that cuz I literally cant find news about it anywhere, all that comes up is the 50cent thing
https://twitter.com/NebaSark/status/1361932606808481792?s=201000 likes, most deluded fanbase in the world
no exaggeration to see here, carry on
Theres a lack of great South American generation of players overall than it was in the previous era.
Genuinely getting worried that Mane is past it. Hasn't looked himself all season. More likely he's still suffering from long term COVID after effects. Thiago is being completely mismanaged and misused by us. We have years of evidence from his time at Bayern of how talented he is as a creator and line breaker and how do we use him? To shuffle the ball slowly from one wing to the other and back to the CB. Bobby is....not a factor.
here comes the facist
Loved his celebration after the Germany goal. The man lost his mind, and rightfully so.
How does saying no homo make you homophobic? You sound very angry for no reason.
Really looks like it
92 cramp, classic
I feel so bad for Kloppo. His players have shit the bed. Not his fault.
Mate it's not like they've told the VAR to shit the bed
He could have been killed
This is the best one for me.
Or just fuck VAR off
Ooo Curtis
Shout out to the kid that brought a letter from his father to school saying "He couldn't do homework he watched the world cup"
Weird, Salah off in this game, Morales off for LevanteTwo managers taking off their best attackers at the same time
>continue to play the exact same way despite bad resultsThat's basically Arteta in that awful run in November.If covid didn't force his hand to play youngsters, I'm sure we would have lost to Chelsea.I now don't bother reading about anything he says, it's all completely pointless if we do well or bad.
Keane on Haaland
5 Goals in the last 5 EPL matches. Quality is dropping off a cliff
Azpi should take the bandages off his hand, hes making it unnaturally large
Btw this isnt VAR's fault, this is incompetent refereeing and shit rules
Gravity is also fed up with him.
Poor penalty decision in Stoke vs. Swansea yesterdayNever fun when it's your player in the centre of things. Just hope no one's blaming Clarke for that because that is an awful decision.
Who does Salah try to force a move to now that Liverpool arent going to be in Europe?
Complete bullshit
Referees cant carry Tottenham forever
Biggest arm sleeves ever there.
I don't mind it as a phrase, give me time to prepare for some real bullshit. That however was not a hot take, barely even tepid.
Theyve got way too much of a cushion I think
Every now and then he pulls out a really nice piece of skill that makes you think 'oh right, I see' then does next to nothing for 10-15 games.
Utd went to shite after his injury, maybe respect him a little?
A bit depressing but am hoping England do terrible in the Euros so we get rid of Southgate. We have so much potential in our players, so much attacking skill, but you know we're gonna play with the handbrake on.
Eye test made it look completely onside
That was proper trash defending by Fabinho
Can only suggest you try other leagues. I am massively bias of course but Inter basically always play a really high tempo game which ends up high scoring, it helps that we have so many players hyped up at their chance to win their first title which is replacing the energy fans would give
So with a bit of luck we can with both the league and the cup in de Kuip this season. It's just a shame that the Europa League final isn't in Rotterdam this year.
https://twitter.com/barcacentre/status/1309821110616313856 "Surez? It seemed like I have been the bad guy in this movie and it's not like that. It was the decision of the club."
Our first goalkeeper has 3 UCLS and our Back up has 2 Europa leagues and our other back up out on loan has a World cup.
The season he was with us, he was practically lightyears ahead of more or less everyone else, kids going to be an absolute world star.
use your left foot sadio!
Wake up Mr West
They need to do an end of season awards show for bullshit decisions. Even though that was disallowed correctly by the book, the handball to cancel out Fulhams goal is the most frustrating decision Ive seen all season. I really cant get my head round what was so confusing about handballs before for them to have gone to the lengths they have now to make the rule ten times more farcical
I think people do realise that but I also think most people dont like that as a rule
Captions aren't hidden on insta though?
This season, Kovacic has been the better player. Kante is really good against teams like this tho -- with some quick moving players.
Were gonna draw Benfica in the CL qualifiers again arent we...Hep Destek Tam Destek I guess
In this thread - No one knowing what the handball rule is.
I have never seen Salah subbed off for Liverpool lol
Just get VAR in the fucking sea and give us back the game ffs
sadly they don't really have a leader to rally everyone like drogba/terry/lampard etc anymore. Do you see anyone stepping up like that in the future?
What side are you on my guy
I can't see Fernandinho accepting that from anyone in the squad, maybe with the exception of De Bruyne.
Actually youre right we got chelsea next damn.
Any time Kevin Muscat goes to ground.
Roaming 6'7" wing back Dan Burn
Confidence is a funny thing. You can't practice it, yet it hugely impacts player performance.
Let's not pretend your injury situation this season is anyway comparable to ours or Leicester's
Only simeone. Maybe even zidane but only if he continues this trend of winning.
Even if that wasnt a pen, fulhams goal absolutely should have stood then. perplexed.
Yeah weve reinvented ourselves recently and actually look very good. If not for weird mistakes we couldve gotten points from City and beaten Leicester
Rice, Mount, Grealish, Foden, Sterling, Kane? Something like that and Englands attack looks lethal all of a sudden
This one's on Klopp imo. Chelsea game plan from minute 1 was to play it in behind for Werner or the runner. They have a goal disallowed after a similar fuck up in behind. Yet changed nothing
So your basically saying Fekir has accomplished more than Cavani just because he has won a world cup?
The 4th official has not put his number up on the board when a change was made.
Conrad from Milwaukee punching the air rn because he woke up at 3AM to see Werner burning Ozan Kabak for pace every five minutes
Really interesting tactical battle so far, obvious what both teams are trying and it's not quite working out. It feels like there's definitely going to be a few goals. Which likely means a 1-0 from a pen.
You can't assist with your arm. Tough one for Fulham but thats the rule.
Liverpool need to sell one of their front three in the summer. The partnership for whatever reason has gone stale and a new top talent would no doubt reignite them.
He actually is a pretty good crosser when he's on but yeah it's been bad this game.
The rule is explicitly different for when the ball touches a hand leading to a goal so you're asking for consistency when the rules specifically mandate a difference.
What a touch
We can bitch about it on Reddit and Twitter
The rules are so stupid. Hudson odoi punches the ball above shoulder height and nothing. In this case if you chopped off his arm the balls path wouldnt have changed
Hmm might take a look
jesus we look slow as fuck, dunno if it's a fitness or mental thing. fabinho barely running for the goal that wasn't. not sure he would've started if big nat wasn't out now too. I can understand klopp not wanting to play Rhys Williams and Kabak for such a big game for the top 4 but damn
1. It's onside2. VAR is crap3. I'll take it
I'm going to sue DAZN for damaging my vision if they keep doing close-ups on Firmino smiling
As bad as he left, even if we  won nothing  Ill never forget that Payet season. When a player is producing pure magic each week on display for the fans and for football in general, all that stuff regarding stats and trophies means nothing imo. Certainly not why fell in love with the sport in the first place or why we follow it. Games now arent as fun to watch, a lot are really sluggish to get through, tbf maybe its the lack of fans but its just something Ive noticed last few years. TLDR stats team and analytics departments have ruined football
Mane doing his best Werner impression
Was expecting Thiago lighting up the league, underwhelmed so far. Good player, sure. Impact on the game? very limited.
Not sure what you've been reading, Mane and Bobby get slated constantly on our sub
That is awful. Could cost Fulham their Prem spot
Reece James too
Every time there's even a close VAR decision everyone just piles in about how it's 100% wrong no matter what side it's on
That was 50/50 at best tbf, barely a yard away
You jinxed it.Much appreciated 
Not the case at all, lmao.
Serious question, how is Rudiger two handing Mane in the back there not a foul? I feel like I see defenders doing that all the time and it never gets called
Yeah, a lot of that xG could just be shots with no chance of going in that just add up, but anyway who says it's worthless more than likely doesn't understand it
You keep pulling shit out of your arse to back your point. Gundogan??
Mane confirmed Antifa.
Pulisic is nowhere near Ziyech lol
>Cancelo - RodriBT commentators too
Wait!? Why are so sensible replies here?
This is the first year in such a long time I haven't purchased FIFA. Is it any different this year?
Hummels & Delaney Konate & UpamecanoCancelo & Rodri
A croshot
Tiny club like, but a great side, those players out there are making history for that football club.
how is that not a penalty??
Jose got it wrong. Who brings on Sissoko when we csnt have control In midfield.
The underlying data is just coming from all their recorded shots. For example, all shots taken from a 45* angle compared to shots taken after beating 2 men compared to shots taken with weak foot are all combined to determine a single shots chance of going in.
What?? How?
Great whats Milner going to do
Some of these Pulisic jokes lmao
good luck ! y siiii seorrrr
Jajaja sisi hasta quedo para la reserva, pero no podia pagar el pasaje de tren todos los dias asi que F.
Fenway Sports Group.The owners.People love to praise Klopp for our transfers when Salah, Mane and Robertson were them.Klopp wanted Gotze, Brandt instead of Salah, Mane
I don't get the subs at all, Salah and Jones have been pretty bright overall
True. What I wanted to say was that those football subs with the most members are all from the PL
Inter sweetening him up
Lose it.
> OurLeagueIsNotYourFetishi rate this one
Yeah true, ultimately its how you respond that matters. If the captain tells you to work harder and you tell him to fuck off and then score the winner thats one thing. If you tell him to fuck off and then your head goes down its another (not saying rashford did this just as an example)
The game is fireeeee
They changed the rules at the start of last season, attacking players now use different rules than defending players, which is complete bullshit in my opinion.
Thiago looks so slow and just bang average. Doesnt look anything like he did last season.He cant keep up with the speed of the game
Oh ffs another shite VAR call
Im just about at the same point.
This is why I don't get the fans who say the Glazers dont spend. Di Maria, Pogba, Shaw, Martial, Maguire, AWB, Sanchez (huge wages), Fred etc etc. We spend big money, it's not Pep's fault he knows how to spend it.
#Mane PL stats23 games 22 startedG 7 , assists 3Big chances created 7   60 percent successful dribblesHe's been average I guess
Right honorable gentleman ...
Didnt play for United like the way kroos does for Madrid. So hes left out for a reason
very cool
Glad its not just my headphones
does anyone have the angle directly parallel to the halfway line
RB's international scout setup quality is second to none, hardly throwing money and see what stocks. I do not like them as a club and what they're doing with the 50+1 rule, but this sounds like a forced narrative
Well it looks like we have the defense for that atleast.
I hate them cos they are fucking boring. Literally when Red Bull Salzburg fans came to Liverpool they were all middle aged and looked like they were going on a pilgrimage to Lourdes. zzzzzZzz fuck Red Bull.
Eh what? I reckon Mane would do him
Jose Fonte
Next season. They aren't that good imo
Who the fuck even knows what is and what isn't offside anymore?! Bet you was shitting yourself when we brought Dan James and McTominay on!
Listen Klopp is one of the best managers of his generation but I cant help but question his judgement to play such a high line
Mate I don't think they can explain it
What are some things you believed that you are ashamed of?I only recently found out that Newell's Old Boy was a club in Argentina. I always thought it was in Switzerland ... I guess I mixed it with The Young boys Bern. It dawned on me when people kept saying that Messi should go back to Newell's Old Boy, I struggled to figure a young Messi playing in Switzerland.
Walking around the pitch looking like he doesn't give a crap.
BEFORE THE SEASON STARTS. city were wrote off in the first 2 months.
Coming from an INFJ that must mean a lot, haha. Thank you 
The dig is "enjoy your first time kiddo, i have 4 CL medals at home. I'm not gonna cry over missing the fifth"
Probably the most versatile one of those three ie being capable of playing in multiple positions in different roles is Ziyech. Havertz and Werner are both really specific players that you just can't fit into a side, because wherever they play they will just have the same exact role. For all three to be successful, they would need to start. And I honestly don't think you can find the right balance if you have all of Havertz, Werner and Ziyech in the same lineup.
One of the many amazing Ancelotti's steals during his career as a manager.
Martin Tyler sounds like he's announcing the death of Owen Hart as he tells us the goal is ruled out.
Kroos was also 22 when he first played a CL-final. Maybe it was just some genuine have fun at this special moment.
Oh of course, but if he were to make a dig, it would probably look differently in his English, because he doesnt "think" english, he "thinks" German. You run into that issue quite a bit actually where your English as a non native gets misread in tone by a native speaker due to a different cultural background, especially with british sarcasm/indirectness. Really dont think this is a dig, but we will never know
Always does tbf
Feels the same as after the Atleti game. It's not over yet in both cases
Use your left foot Timo! That's really poor technique.
Not really. But also sort of.It's the kind of "dig" where it's only a dig if the recipient gets mad. It's a "choose your own adventure" dig. Or Schrodinger's dig: it changes based on how the recipient interprets it.
Addidas new Jersey design
what a joke of an offside.
Idk he was lil pussy in 2012 CL final
The sleeve thing is clearly nonsense now VAR exists - they should just change it to the leg only because at least then 99% of the time its the toe/knee which is much clearer than some arbitrary line drawn at some point in the middle of the arm.
Football itself is built on romanticism. World cup being every 4 years. People saying var is ruining the game, club rivalries.I don't like it when people pretend football is all corporate and everyone involved is a heartless money grabber.Quite a few chairman's, managers, players do it because they love it and the club.
Thank god its not another 0-0 draw
Xavi and Iniesta won 4 CL, 2 Euros and 1 WC and multiple la ligas.
Done a U turn on Mount, he is a cracking wee player
For a spurs fan, you sure spend a lot of time talking about arsenal.What has your useless club done in the past 20 years?Lmfao
"due a goal" lmao Jim no that's not how it works
Ahhh thanks for clearing that up. I've always seen people mention it as attacker or defender which never made sense to me because there is no clear transition between those two phases other than change of possession.
Yeah Yeah you know everything dont you?
He wasn't faster than Mbapp
Atkinson
I have no idea how they came to that conclusion..
I don't think he is salty, he just didn't lose any sleep. People think it's normal to get Hazard laughing with his friends just 1 minute after being knocked out, but then gets surprised when a players says he isn't losing any sleep before/after a game.
I'm gonna blame both. If i was a ref I'm never calling that. EverEven if it is the rule. The FA can fuck off
We miss Shaymass Collyman
Reddit is shite but if you think it's only 2% better then you haven't truly seen twitter. This site actually offers some form of real football discussion. Toxicity, and above all else, the racism is far less prevalent, and you don't have idiots screaming "ratio" under every post. Even under this Kroos tweet, pretty much every single top reply would be at the very bottom of this post. Thing is, you don't even get those kinds of comments here. It's a lot better.
whats the story behind Mount's celebration? did chunkz show it to him lol
He's storing them up for the next 3 episodes before he goes Super Sadio
It's like people are just running around their whole lives looking for things to get worked up about
Wonder if Sam Allardyce would still fine his players for shooting from outside the box
Well he had a good shot.
No offence but your opinion as a neutral is kinda worthless when you don't realise it's been going on for longer than Werner and Havertz, if anything 'started' or 'reignited' it then it was the Hudson-Odoi saga. You're also not much of a neutral as a Spurs fan.
Foreign managers and foreign players, the english game really is dead
boycott EPL if that happens
You cannot even properly measure spaces with an angle that far away anyway. It's so dumb.
I hate cherry picked stats like this but it's reasonable context behind the team's turnaround in form since bringing a proper 10 into the team. Arsenal were in a deep hole before Christmas and I don't think there's anything wrong with fans being happy at a positive change in form.
Jota can't be ready to start games off the bat surely so who else?
Latest: Lincoln 1-0 St Joseph'sBernardo Lopes the scorer.
no but who is
It really isn't that bad
And maybe Diego Costa
Windsor park would need to be torn down and rebuilt to like 3 times its size
You're still bitter about that?
>What is happening with Ziyech? Has been invisible this game.So not much different from his recent form. He started off fine for us, then had a series of injuries and never went back to playing good since. Unofficially he's one of the first candidates to being sold since he's not really fitting the idea of Tuchel playstyle.
Salah agent.........
nice goal
Mad at racism?
Chelsea are definitely on the up now theyve got a proper manager in, I can see them being Citys biggest challengers next season
Never been so sure of a loss in my life. Liverpool have Fabinho Alisson Keita Jota all coming back. Must win game for Klopp and we cant score for shit. We are 1000% losing tonight
Naaaah. Last year at Dortmund was way worse. Neither the tight game plan, nor the multiple injuries on the same position + they actually had to fear relegation for some time they were 17/18 after half season or so
They had truckloads of money in the 2000s, the team of the decade was still mostly english featuring Cech, Henry and Ronaldo
is VVD's return going to transform liverpool? they are poor all over the pitch, and you gotta wonder how much of that VVD will remedy thanks to ripple effect of players returning to their right position.
> my best mate and I used to say shit like this to each other all the time. Do you think Rashford and Maguire are best mates though? Or are they colleagues? Do you regularly say stuff like that to your colleagues who you aren't close mates with? I don't think anyone thinks it's the worst thing in the world, but it's really not a great way to respond to criticism from your captain.
Ah fuck that's me sitting thinking about being at the games again.
This is true but clubs only run academies so long as it benefits them and if the good players that they find frequently leave for nothing then it reduces the cost benefit of running them and makes it more likely that they will close so fewer talented would-be players will be developed in future.It is an issue, it's why so many clubs in England don't run academies any more and why solidarity payments here exist.
Depends on the handball though. If a blatant handball stops a certain goal surely its unfair to just award an indirect fk
Why? He is absolutely awful and couldn't give less of a fuck if he tried.
His arm couldn't physically be more close to his body with 0 intention to touch. How they give that handball is simply baffling.
This is so stupid... If his arm wasn't there, it'd have hit his body and would have led to the same outcome. So A not intentional, and B not impactful. How should that in anyway be handball?
Really no kdb?
Liverpool are very lucky there
why are there so many Dailymail articles on the front-page lately?There used to be none because people had some sense. Now they're literally posted and upvoted with all the clickbaiting and capitalisation like Matt Ritchie calling someone a COWARD
"my friend"
One of my United supporting friend says that if Ole doesn't deliver a trophy this season, he should still get another season with the signings he wanted, a CB and RW. And then next season should be his last chance. "Believe in the process". How do other United fans feel about this?
I guess it depends on what your level of DSA knowledge is, but there are always fun problems you can solve with graphs (the data structure, not the....graph).Most of the complex problems that data analysts have to deal with are statistical in nature, so you'll probably want a really good base-level knowledge of statistics to tackle any of those.One tip that I have from back when I was learning some basic classification modelling was to look towards academia. Find a paper related to football (there are loads - check Google Scholar) where someone is trying to prove something, and implement that proof in code if someone hasn't already tried. You'll find different proposed statistical models, training models to gauge player performance, etc. Once you have this, you can apply it to the same problem, or adapt it for general use.
Mason Mount has been insane the last 3 or 4 months. He's so sharp on the ball.
I had an interesting "discussion" with u/wajamacallit on globalization of the premier league. Bringing this hear because I genuinely want to know the opinion of other English supporters. So this guy "fucking hates the globalization of our league". And proceeds to tell me that a season ticket holding fan is more of a fan than someone in say, Mumbai or some other place. I do know the importance of fans at the ground, but my point is that just because someone is born 5 miles from the stadium and can easily access the stadium, why should his opinion matter more than someone who can't?Also, the man thinks I'm desperately trying to justify the relevance of foreign support....well the club is literally owned by an American businessman. In my opinion the league has outgrown the country and the clubs have outgrown the cities, you wouldn't see players from all over the world at United/Chelsea if it wasn't for the foreign support.
Damn lovely from Mount again.
I know I'm online, thats how I am commenting arent I?
Season ticket holders and regular match goers Id say are probably more important as fans, but a non-match going fan from Manchester or England isnt that different from a non-match going fan in other countries. Then theres the glory hunting plastics that switch teams whenever it benefits them, they dont really count
I am assuming that the casinos will largely be basing their margins off facts and may incorporate a small amount of consumer behaviour. Again, Im no expert.
Timo...
Handball clear as day.
well for once it benefits us.But it's absolutely onside.
Agreed. By all means, watch a replay and a couple angles but if you can't tell from looking, benefit should go to the attacker.
The ligue 1 title race is soo good, it's impossible to know who'll win it!Plus with tight and last second wins, the Butt-clenching never ends!I don't think Monaco will win, as they are 7 points behind us, but who knows? They have the least top games remaining.What is also nice is that it looks like Ikon has gone back to actually celebrating with the team. Since last season, he wouldn't celebrate goals nor celebrate with the team in the locker room, but yesterday he was extremely happy for David, and also looked ecstatic in the dressing room, which is great as it will probably improve his performances.
I always knew Dias would succeed. He used to be my go-to FM CB
Lmao, fantastic
Refs getting stick for the Fulham and Chelsea disallowed goals but they've applied the rules correctly in both cases. It's these fucking atrocious rules that need fixing.
Good save
9 goals and 6 assists*
Why are people so desperate to make this nerd shit happen? Go do math somewhere else.
They should make that bb8 ball yellow for that vintage feel
I have been lead to believe that Diogo Jota will score 8 goals on his return. It better happen.
Ah I forgot about that, good finish too poor Timo
Bayern have joined the dark side.
PL fans arent the most respectful. more news at 10
Imagine being paid as much as he is to be a striker and doing that. Fucks sake
Lol, we both overthought it, it appears.
Yeah, which based on the rules of the game was correct. That's his exact fucking point.
Fair bro
I personally think that he is, other Barca fans may not. Just the impression i get from watching Pedri. His intelligence and decision-making on the ball is extremely rare for someone his age. He's just turned 18.
Hes still better than all of them
VfB Stuttgart Bois having the Giovanne Elber Flair
Martin Tyler needs to retire.
3rd on form table since December did you not know?
Nah theyd spend too much time flirting with each other no coaching would get done
Supporting Fulham or Tottenham > showing support for Ovrebo
There is so much space in between Liverpools defenders. Werner and ziyech could have been played through 3 or 4 more times than they have
Arm is away from his body. I've seen those given.
Yeah and that's still far more interesting than most of the games in the PL recently.
Azpilicueta over Van Dijk imo. There might be an argument for Sterling over Salah as well. Neither of them have been consistently world class in the PL for the majority of the last decade, which should be the deciding factor in selecting a Team of the Decade.
Because in an international discussion thread, not everyone understands country specific slang. Didn't know I needed to explain that tbh
What the fuck is that
I interpreted your post as "if we do it together, we might achieve something". My point is that we're never going to do anything, so it's all a mute point. And even if we did do it, there are hundreds of millions (if not billions) that watch the WC, and /r/soccer isn't goint to change much.Still better than nothing I guess, so might as well try.
Well other managers could have a huge problem of being ambitious
Fair point
Yellow is a pretty big part of our older home kits. See our anniversary one from last year for example https://i.imgur.com/0RR43TS.jpg
Kantes little triangle passes in midfield have been good
Wouldn't know. I don't drink Red Bull
Kabak doing okay today?
Bukayo Saka
How exactly did you come to the conclusion that he's overrated?
I dont need to pretend. Are you watching the game at the moment?
Why tf did they disallow that goal. What could Lemina possibly have done to avoid that?
Here they discuss the reason for City's insane dominance this year. When you watch city, you can see that their buildup is so easy and comfortable. A reason why the pitch looks bigger when City build up as compared to PSG, Madrid etc. When other teams try to build from the back the pitch looks cramp imo.They say that Pep has finally evolved his tactics to a point where conventional defending can't easily stop it. How much of this do you guys agree? I think there is an element of truth to this statement since their play is just so smooth no matter the pressure.
I don't know if its just tiredness from the schedule or if the lack of fans is really affecting them in this dip of form but the last 10 minutes I've seen much laziness from this side, zero passion to get the ball back or to defend as a unit. No movement up to top to try and actually get a goal, just poor all round.Another Anfield game where we can't even get a fucking shot on target.
The Perfect Manager for Arsenal would be Ralf Rangnick. He would transform the club
cringe-pilled
FFS Chilwell needs to get the fuck off the field and bring on CHO
That's false. Both were/will be aged 22 on their first UCL final. Actually, Mount will be 4 days older than Kroos was. Where did you come up with that?
The DD has a few tells for when things happen in EnglandVAR needs to be scrapped! a prem game had a shit ref decisionKane is the best striker in the world! Kane scored a pen against a relegation sideId score 20 goals in the Bundesliga Werner just missed a tap inThousand word essay on why Solskjr is the wrong man for the United job; United dropped points
Controversial decision Being discussed in the sub can't wait for The Random guys who gonna come out and say "anyone who doesn't agree with me has never kicked a football in their life "
2018 or 2012 cl final are definitely the saddest moments for him in his career
I didn't say var got the call right or wrong, I said it's a controversial decision
or for people in red
Are you kidding me
The Ozil comments when Kroos dismissed any racism in the German national team was pretty dumb.
Nope its 10 starts a season. Looks like youll break that contract.
Is there a funnier man in football, intentionally or otherwise, than Chris Kamara?
He wasn't that bad compared to the rest of the team, we were so dominated both in physicality/speed and in the tactical set-up that you can hardly blame any single player, but even if we want to examine performances individualy, only Courtois made a really good match, other than Courtois, Kroos, Benzema and Modric were our best players in the pitch, before having no stamina left in the second half Kroos and Modric play 90 minutes every week as Zidane have forsaken the concept of turn-over this year.The rest of the team was mediocre.
Arsenal is going to win the europa league. They have played decent football since Christmas.
Lineups:Lincoln: Kyle Goldwin (GK), Scott Wiseman, Roy Chipolina (c), Bernardo Lopes, Jesus Toscano; Carra, Carlos Martinez, Mustapha Yahaya; Tjay De Barr, Enrique Gomez, Lee Casciaro. Subs: Lolo Soler, Kian Ronan, Sunny Omoregie, Alex Moreno, Jack Sergeant, Jamie Coombes, Luke Wall.St Joseph's: Jamie Robba (GK); Erin Barnett, Aymen Mouelhi, Ezequiel Rojas, Alain Pons; Sykes Garro, Carlos Carrasco, Christian Pecci (c), Juanma Gonzalez, Nano; Juanfri. Subs: John-Paul Hernandez, Kenneth Chipolina, Andrew Hernandez, Francisco Cano, Stefano Borghi, Antony Moulds, Federico Villar.
Go link me some of those comments, I don't believe that happened
Oh right, I didn't know it was at Anfield
Zlatan the fake hard man
feel like the offside made us forget about alisson's howler there lmao
Tear down Anfield if they lose 5 straight
The key issues with anything regarding this can be summarised in the face that the hand isn't being used. That's why this sort of rule has no place in football and is making the game worse and more complicated than what it needs to be.  If the hand is used, hand seeking ball, or whatever you want to call it then yeah - it's a hand ball. This is not a hand being used.&#x200B;ONE rule for this across the pitch and you avoid all this sort of controversy.
Wow Jota thats pathetic
Alison fucking up again... And Kabak was so close to getting that ball. He'd really need that for his confidence
Siewert vs KloppFarke vs KloppWagner vs Klopp
The rule doesn't specify attacker or defender. It's about whether it's a handball by a player in their own penalty box in which case there are a lot of conditions to call a it a handball or a handball by a player from the attacking team leading up to a goal.People simply say attacker and defender because it's easier.
Its less about the points to me and more about the number of teams between them, same reason I dont see arsenal in top 4
Lol var ruled offside
If Fernandinho and Aguero who are both out of contract this summer leave, De Bruyne and Sterling will be the only remaining Man City players who were here before Guardiola came.
I looked at Tottenham's recent games after hearing the commentator talk about leaving their slump behind, and honestly I don't think any of their losses are surprising except the Brighton one.West Ham, Man City, Everton (FA Cup), Chelsea, Brighton, Liverpool These are the fixtures they lost in 2021. Sure it's bad that they got 0 wins out of 6, but it's not some massive shock.
THANK GOD
First time two German managers face each other in the PL tonight?
jota, oh how i have missed you
It did have to be, that's the rule. It's a stupid rule but the officiators of the game and those managing VAR don't have the purview to overrule it.
No, lets not ignore mistakes but he is still the better keeper
Because the more he wears a baseball cap, the more Klopp morphs into Tony Pulis.
Tyler Adams because yanks get traction
Well deserved that it's Mount
His teammate broke his rib in a fight lol
Armpit offside. If I'm chelsea fan. I would pissed!
ITT we criticise a 22 year old for not having won as much as a 31 year old
I don't even know any more. VAR decisions just get worse as time goes on.Fulham absolutely robbed by this call.Edit: Apparently it isn't the call that's the problem here, but the attacking handball rule. Egads, it's an awful rule.
Probably the most legitimate decision I've ever seen.
And he did it on a shoestring budget of like 1billion. I'm barely even exaggerating.
No one likes this. Lets be honest.
Yeah they were dope af
again shocking "defending"
I added context, i didn't oppose you, calm down.
VAR is a person though, video assistant **referee**. I do agree that the problem is not just whoever's the VAR, but they are to blame too.
I don't think anything is much wrong with it but Rashford despite his young age, is a senior United player. Not really comparable to Foden or TAA.
Jurgen has done more than enough to deserve some leeway here. Especially considering the injuries. Unfortunately the dogshit fans with overreactions seems to infect every club sub
Ill let you know how I get on
Only a few players in history personified calm like him, Laurent blanc was another in the second half of his career.
That's not a half bad idea.
Playing with bums 
Probably, I can see PSV dropping points against you or AZ by then.
Is Serdar Aziz good enough for the Prem ?
Mr Daglish in attendance
Because RB Leipzig players would have to quarantine back in Germany if they played at Anfield.And yes. Away goals are still in effect.
when did level stop being onside
Oh its definitely overrated but not in CBs, i actually think the midfield is very unbalanced and I have doubts who gels with Kane up front as well. CB is not something you can gripe at though currently. LB/RB i also have issues with, TAA is hot garbage and Walker isnt amazing when on form and is currently off form. But that was a silly hot take about CBs lol
Zidane was a great player and won 4 world player of the year/Ballondor as its called now. He wasnt some muppet.
We got absolutely bailed out.We've been on the wrong side of that one, so I get how infuriating it can be.Fulham looks scary, and I wouldn't be surprised to see them bag another one
That is a joke absolute fucking joke. These fucking refs need to face some repercussions
Alisson needs a break, he deserves it
The Scots love you tho
You keep calling this a gray area, but the rules are actually very clear and were applied correctly here. Thats all I was trying to argue about with you, that it isnt actually a gray area. It should be, but it isnt.
Well Ibra, Pogba, Mikhi joined us while we were in UEL. I would say Jose was the prime reason they joined
lmao how many runs does mane have to make for someone to find him
Different rules if it leads to a goal
I went to the RKC wedstrijd in the playoffs when you won 2-0, thought "They look really good, reckon this could be the year they make it"...a few days later 
I know these teams aren't made to be an actual cohesive unit but the thought of Salah as wing back is hilarious
A couple of other users made this point as well. It must suck to not be able to afford season tickets while you have gotten them all your life.I do see why people have a problem with this, if I were in your shoes I'd want to see local talent getting more opportunities, that would lead to national team getting better.
How on earth does Ashley Cole still get punditry work when he cant even put a sentence together without saying uhhhhh
Yes that is one valid conclusion. I think your hastiness to make it indicates that you've already made your mind up and haven't really considered alternative explanations.
Could they at least pretend to be arsed.
Trent can't even clear a ball lmao
The t-shirt sleeve rule is stupid...
Local club refers to the community not physical distance, jesus you people shit on football fans while you lot have an extremely distorted understanding of the concepts
He doesn't miss
Coutinho is fine, we're just unnoficially not playing him to not pay Liverpool some appearance bonuses.
Do you think Salah doesnt dive?
that's not a penalty come on.
Yeah, but Mount had a little go back and Kroos is just reminding him gently that he's only just reached his first CL final, whereas Kroos has won 4 as well as winning a world cup.
That's not even a point worth making if you're going to bring something like that up. That's not losing sleep. It is more personal and much a touchy subject.
lol the same sentiment just reworded
Loved your one against Lazio.
There's a strong argument for no.Firstly, many Argentinians don't even consider him the best Argentinian player of all time, with that title going to Diego Maradona.Secondly, I'd say he's at least on par with Cristiano Ronaldo in terms of the ability he's shown throughout his career.IMO, it can't really be judged until their careers are over, and even then it's hard to compare players from different eras, let alone different teams.
Competitive league easily, the rest comes automatically, especially if its a big country.
Forgot about that one. What happened back then? You finished 10th right ?
How is Hajradinovic doing now in Turkey?
You can't be serious. It's not even halftime
Should've started with "Just woke up", but other then that perfect response.
Hershey Hitler is an absolute belter in fairness mate
????What has happened to the rules of this sport lmao
You sound lovely. When I started reading your comment, it read like a copypasta.
It's more like this. : 
Yes. He did it last season as well, against Everton I think.
Could get most wins in a row at home so theyre going for most losses instead
Can't wait until we're playing Europa Conference League against Vladivostok FC
Suggesting refs/VAR are shite
Ansu Fati or Jamal Musiala. Who has the higher ceiling ?
both now
Boris Johnson's is the only correct answer
HE'S ONSIDE HAHAHAEdit: That's a shite call
Maguire just told him to "stay fucking onside" I thought.
Of course he can. He used to manage Spurs. Bottling is in his DNA now.
Cuz he's been shit since he came back from injury. This is his best game since the start of the season.
That is fucking stupid
I can see why it would go either way, but if they call one they must call the other
Robertson being cunty again
The call is fine, it's the rule that's stupid
lmfao I kinda feel bad for him now
Var taught me that having an arm is a crime
It's time like this where Darude Sandstorm celebration music would be appropriate
Who the fuck defends with their arms up in the air like that, doesn't matter if it's kicked to him or not, no one defends like that
I would ship it
Reddit front 4?
Said every Arsenal fan ever.
How is that a handball?
Tottenham fan here. Terrible call. No handball.
Always sounded good to me
This is some nervy ass end game
Hardly an easy chance that cut the man some slack
Havertz is 21. Ziyech turns 28 at the end of the month. Having the same expectations for both players is completely daft. Ziyech needs to be scrutinized more because he has shown in the Champions League for Ajax and even Chelsea that he has amazing quality. Its only his problem if he cant translate that to the PL and cant stay fit.
Barca fans who call Valverde EV, why?Nothing major, you just wouldnt say PG is doing well at city, and JK at Liverpool too.
Germany could be his next job
Werner should have atleast - atleast 2 by now
What are you talkin about?...black magic?
How will maguire ever recover from being called a knob
Would not be surprised if Werner finally gets a goal
So you're basically saying he starts over Asensio. Very difficult to do
Just give us 8th place and end the season please.
CHO will never not be a stupid acronym for Hudson-Odoi
Kroos teaching him that class is after the game as well
doesnt make it right
Linesman fell for it
He probably got asked about it... They have these things called reporters and interviews.
But did you hear the SOUND of the thumbs up, Graeme???
Most reddit movements are cringe but they're not useless. Look at the gamestop fiasco.
He liked a really garbage post by some dumb cryptofascist joking about shooting "antifa." It was a really, really bad post to like tbh.
A striker that costs as much as Werner did shouldnt be *that* far offside. Lazy.Edit: Really didnt think Id need the /s
I would love nothing more for Barca to bottle every possible big game, apart from fixtures against PSG - which they somehow find a way to win every single time.
By who? In fairness to Klopp Liverpool should have had a stone wall penalty when Kante hand balled it and then Mane being fouled in the first half should have been another.We always praise players for not going down yet last night was another example of why players dive.
he won three champions league titles with real madrid. he one one champions league title with bayern but imo it should be noted that he was injured during the crucial part of that season. he didn't play either CL final nor semis iirc
yes please
Your best bet would be someone unheralded like Thiago Mendes or something but even that's risky.
Kieran Tierney
Its reasonably big for fans of cricket. Most people dont give a shit though
and whats wrong with that? If they said "yea we can make top 6" or "we can make top 4" you'd call them delusional whats your point?
Wijnaldum? He seems alright.
Courtois' F1 simulator seems pretty nice
Emotions fly high, but that Barca fans comment was beyond hilarious, warranted that reply imo.
Well Chelsea also had one of the biggest transfer windows of all time. In every position that Arsenal lack quality players, Chelsea has multiple so it isn't really a fair comparison
Pickford on VVD
Yeah lol Mounts playing in his 2nd season for a CL club, first final in his 2nd try sounds like a pretty good ratio to me. Little banter only makes things better anyways. As long as its not vile, Im all for players having a little banter with each other.
Not even.
I'm not even ragging on him I just haven't seen this clear improvement people talk about yet because it hasn't been very long.Frank also beat some big teams and had some great performances and good runs of form.
Jota is gonna come on with huge pressure that's unfair for someone coming off an injury
Wirtz, Florian motherfucker do you speak it ?
He did post it on reddevils and it got downvoted so much you cant even find it
He obviously has never used a mannequin for football practice. It is definitely useful for practicing freekicks and corners.
Game's fucking gone
Do find it funny how when Liverpool players dive none of their fans are here yet when they could have gone down to get something theyre all here. cant have it both ways
Wasn't even in the team for our best performance of the season, against Leeds.
ok so your point was believing the success of a team equates to individual quality? If you're able to get past the crayons stuck up your nose, i believe i addressed that here:> You're equating team success to individual quality, I used an example to show how stupid you are to do that
Werner seemingly still has the confidence of an inform player with all the shots he takes, hell come good.
Well thats literally one person who got 11 downvotes. An example of Arsenal fans being deluded will be if that comment got hundreds of upvotes, which would mean that loads of Arsenal fans think so
And they say Pep's racist. Just look at those cultural appropriating hips.
Just heard the studio list a bunch of negative stats about Liverpool. We're fucked
u/eyeowes comment wasnt about the discussion I was having.
Honestly don't think I've ever seen a Man U fan say Rashford is overrated before. He does have good purple patches he just isn't very consistent but I'm sure he can pull it all together at some point.
Guess he didn't let me down after all!
People still do this shit in 2021? Thought we left that stuff in 2015
Is there anything worse than defenders of the corporization of football? Imagine actively defending soulless clubs like LawnBall just because they develop talent lol
He liked an IG post about shooting people in antifa so youre kind of missing the big part of why people are saying it
Our league aside from first is really close too
I watched that goal yesterday just for the memories. That also reminds me of Sterlings game winner against Bournemouth when he received a red card for celebrating with the fans
Matter of opinion, would be over Kante and he was absolutely immense for quite a while
Your fans used to boo & cuss @ Ziyech and they literally physically assaulted him outside the stadium once lmao.Its just weird / lame to me to switch up on your own player like that to get all defensive like its their kid when they leave.
I didn't say we were getting top 4?
That Arsene Wenger created Arsenal
Yeah hes been decent
Tyler famously hates Liverpool so no idea what youre on about
Thankfully its for both teams, physical matchups are way better to watch than free kicks and a dead ball every minute
Genuinely can't believe Fulham get penalised for an arm tucked into the body. Next game, nothing for an arm in a very unnatural position.
A non Brit wouldnt defend them over a small issue like this lmao. Yea Im right anyways
I think that hes very underrated by Barca fans, he was great in many more games, not just in matches against us.
is vvd to hendo better ? it still signals weak cohesion to the other players.
Neto, is the undoubted answer for us, still only 20 and he wins us games on his own sometimes.   It's hard to say what his ceiling will be, 'cause he can be a little inconsistent sometimes, but he has everything he needs to go to the top and I'm certain he'll surpass Jota and will be a better player than Jota is now when he's the same age.   I feel like if (when) he moves away from us he will flourish with a coach that plays to his strengths, doesn't require him to be so disciplined and when he has some better players around him I'm sure he could be a regular at a top European team for most of his career.   The only good news us that he seems very happy here, seems like a level-headed guy and we've just renewed his contract until 2025 and we don't need to sell - so either he stays around for a while longer or we get a sizable fee for him.
1986 = Maradona's Cup2026 = MAGAdona's Cup
this is exactly what I mean, no one else gets credit and called a constant threat whilst missing every chance he gets
Mane is too honest. Clear foul and going down would have given us a pen most likely.
I think it's okay for them to keep Arteta and wait for when Mourinho is available again.
This has to be a joke lol
Firm in Brazilian language Miniature in Japanese
We're 4 points behind Everton who are currently in 4th, and there's 12 games left to play.
That shot, though.
Sounds like a crazy wedding.
Same. I find Richarlison very likeable, doing great community work in Brazil and making fun of online trolls
Kane, Dias or Bruno.
The ref knows it's wrong but he has to follow the rules the league puts out
I'm going with far right winger or NRAymar as I saw before
Honestly never trusting the Germans on here again after the travesty that is Kai Havertz. Been ripped right off.
Christensen has been as good as Dias this season, after Thiago was injured.
Salah and Jones off. There goes any chance to come back in the game.
Thats the beauty of it though it seems so sincere but theres def a little dig in there too.
I was fully ok with that being a goal. Would be furious if that happens to us
Better delete your profile then and stop visiting reddit
deep fakes have come a long way
funny, comparing this against kante's handball
Auf geht's BVB.
depends on what he means. "multi ball system" is actually a thing already, it just means having multiple balls at the sidelines for the ballboys to continue play as soon as possible for the players. it gets used in champions league but not in english football. i actually dont quite get it, if rooney blasts the ball in the stands, does the same ball get actually used again - they need to use another ball anyways then ?
The ref has been fine today
Yeah and reaching a CL final at any age it's not a thing to take a dig at. If your first final it's at 35 you'll be even more over the moon about it and no words can take that away from you.
Bald polyfraud
Raphael Guerreiro is a doubt for the Klassiker, null and void it.Edit: Obviously sarcastic, ffs
With the narrative-ometer swinging sombrely towards "Arsenal are shite" once again, I've got to say that the constant description of any struggling tOp HaLf side's players as relegation/mid table level is dumb, offensive and wrong. Genuine bottom-half cloggers such as James McCarthy, Nathan Redmond and the imitable Lewis Dunk put in far more of a shift to achieve mediocrity that genuinely skilled players who are either phoning it in or being managed by incompetents.
I honestly don't give enough of a shit about either Rodri or Pogba to classify it as slander or disrespectful but I'll say this, Rodri right now is better than Pogba.
Nah fuck that
i love that Mount is sticking to it, seems like such a fun guy
whaaat? They spent 60% of the time talking about the bullshit offside and they both said it was onside.
Liverpool really do pressing way more in the last 15 minutes of the gane
It literally is an example. And if its so way to find a single example imagine how easy it is to find multiple ones
Sprint Speed: Mbappe Agility: Ronaldo Aerial Ability: Ronaldo Explosiveness: Ronaldo Endurance: Mbappe
i hope its another 5-3 like last season
Disagree, think he adds very little when he is fit
weirdo
JESUS CHRIST I MISS FANS I CANT WATCH THIS SHIT ANYMORE WITHOUT THEMJust saw salahs fucking belter vs Chelsea and the crowd just erupt. Wanna know the worst part? Players dont even fucking celebrate anymore like that. Fuck this :/
Wonder when theyll fix the rules
Yes, his interviews really give you the impression that he's down to earth and is just a chill guy with his head in the right place. Hope he goes on to be a club great.
Surprised there isnt a centralised pooling system. Suppose everyone wants their piece of the pie
And these cunts are suppose to be professionals in one of the best leagues in the world. Is there one game each round of fixtures that hasnt got a questionable decision/fuck up in
Oh for fucks sake
Hey we usually provide entertainment one way or another
Hey, I ain't arguing whether it was a dive or wasn't, I'm just saying that a lot of people think it was a dive and therefore the penalty was not just.
Loving it and it representing you are 2 separate things
Just trying to regain that energy I had 12 years ago when I hated Chelsea like no one else for this one
Exactly, that's my nightmare. Look at the literal abundance of talent in every position almost. And it's gonna be wasted. Am saying get rid now so a new manager to bed in for a couple of years
I wanna hear the main plot if something this detailed is a subplot
For 90s you could also throw in Romario and Zidane.
I cannot believe our fans used to pile up on Salah and big up the other two every chance they got. Just absolute insane underdog complex.
Not even their fault. Its a shot law that gives them no leeway. By the law because it hits his arm in the build up to the goal it had to be disallowed. The PGMOL are to blame for writing shit laws
Christ my heart was in my mouth there
Most people complaining just think the quite obscure and probably quite new rule is shit. Let's not get into arguments about stuff we agree about.
Never thought I would see Jorginho pocket Thiago.
Mount can have my child
Atleti has to be up there with the amount of temporary left backs and right backs weve found. Llorente himself has played as a midfielder, winger, striker, right back, and even center back once I think. Same with a few others who have played all over.
If anything you should lead 2-0
We've released our line up and it could be any of about 4 or 5 formations, I'm absolutely none the wiser regarding how we're setting out
Wasn't one of Lampard's problem winning against big teams, or did I misremember that
Those chat streams are cancer. PoG PoG my arse
Fabinho just let him
It's tough for high school teachers, half the class have a reading age of 8
It's a meme originating from calling Pep a 'bald fraud'. Yeah it sucks I agree. Then again, pretty much all insults suck in some way or another.
Gnabry was a West Brom reject, doesnt really mean anything
What is it now
I was called tactically shallow for pointing out the passing thing. Nobody's trying to play quick and snappy anymore. When this team was at it's peak the front 3 were constantly doing little 1-2 passing sequences and tearing defenses apart
So you want average r/soccer user to fly 3000 miles?
Idk mate, I for one thought the Italian team played some pretty good football themselves. Really wanted Zidane to lift the cup because of just how sensational he was through the entirety of it, but Italy had some classic games over the tournament as well.Lowkey my favourite world cup
Have to score 4 goals though
What a weird thing to link?
The replies on Twitter are even more embarrassing than the replies in here lol.
Not wrong but the defensive problems are widespread, Robertson is also at fault when he puts Werner *almost* onside.
Youre that proper weird plastic United fan arent you?
Fair enough, I guess I was just a bit surprised by the RB post in the front page. Seeing people mocking the 50+1 rule actually triggered me
special contract rules for youth in france like (no agent fees and the max contract length is 3 years), club culture of paying high amounts for a player to go what a youth player could do and players being misguided by agents.
He himself says it.
My posts are made of energy and ham.
If he deserves to be off, then Casemiro should be gone long before too.
Its like Koeman said yesterday, youre the worst manager when you lose and the best manager when you win
With end product, sky's the limit for Mount
Back yourself
Absolute bullshit
It is exactly what it sounds like.
Why are they playing such a high line against Werner its stupid all he does is run in behind
Me and my mate are high crying laughing at this game
If you like them, Inverting the Pyramid is also a must read
Liverpool en route to 5 losses in a row at Anfield Say that to anyone at the start of the season and youd be labeled a madman
Man they really do give offside for a millimetre lmao
Salty reply more like. Said while crying.
Has Mendy made a save? Somebody tell our players they can shoot
No greater accomplishment than the World Cup, especially as Captain.
Brilliant, because football is only numbers, nothing else matters. I'm sure you wouldn't mind people not wanting that stat being shoven down their throats and actually watch the games to have a better picture of things instead of relying on a flawed stat, use it in arguments despite never watching the team once and draw conclusions. You can gladly preach it to eachother, nobody is stopping from doing so you know.
He wasnt even nervous for the WC final! Says the only time hes ever been nervous was on his wedding day. Aww.
ah that fucking celebration
Hes ruined his career
There are a decent amount of players who, because of loans or short term contracts, will never play in front of their clubs home crowd.
The Championship is such a weird league... but in a good way. At half time on Saturday, when we were 2-0 down to Wednesday, I was looking at the table and trying to work out if we were likely to survive. We ended up winning that game and out next one, and now there's talks of us pushing for play-offs? It's not gonna happen, but suddenly our season has shifted after two games. Give it a few weeks and I'll be back, probably moaning about how we're about to get relegated.
Mount was being a little immature, but he's nothing compared to you lmao
Unless you're Everton vs Man United
Got to be time to bring off Man for Liverpool and Ziyech for Chelsea
It's in the rules.
Yeah it's Edouard, Benjamin and Nampalys for Leicester. Also Lys Mousset's full name is Lys Emilien-Mousset Mendy actually lol
4 CL and a WC Im assuming?
Anelka because hes probably the most notable player pre takeover
THE ANTIFA SHOOTER IS ON
Pretty confident Ole is gone this summer. Who becomes next Man Utd manager will be interesting.
That's a clear penalty, especially if the Fulham one earlier was
Id agree with there isnt a giant number plastered on players twice over so stuff like this doesnt happen
Remember that he played for Bayern just before this
Unless it's drink driving or covid related data
This is way funnier than NRAmar
Hes been good, not great, lots of players hit lows after world class performances over a period of time, it doesnt help that he doesnt have a normal center back pairing next to him too
Stop letting fucking brits dictate your life lmaooo? Wtf??? Support who YOU want, if you wanna change your team every year all the power to you.
Wow, you learn something new about people everyday! Amazing
No they aren't? You just say that because we're losing lol
No mainly legal counsel.
Brother
honestly just a couple players could reinvigorate your squad. Another CB for sure to partner with Van Dijk , someone to push / replace Firmino and maybe a fullback and you'd be set.
Our Tier 1 who is most reliable said that.
Maybe you should learn the rules, ability to react is one if the things the referee considers
handball??his arm is right up
Tucked behind him, time to bust out the Naruto run to beat VAR
Salah off? What's in Klopp's water bottle?
No I did get your point, its just that I dont see these people that call his Chelsea side "revolutionary"on another note, I just get triggered too easily when I see hot-takes that question everything and everyoneafter a few weeks
Twitter says to give the title to Man City and I fully agree you know. I totally only think that because Man City is exceptional and not because Leicester is 3rd and struggling with injuries and Champions League would be nice.
Fair play to them, theyre recognizing a crack in the defense and theyre just rinsing and repeating with the long balls
Lovely, nap time with martin tyler
the ArabsCareful there
It's literally just a lottery at this point
Pulisic and AOC on the field at the same time?
that hesitation from alisson
Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba
You prolly like him more now.
Good player for rotating, had a good 2020 for the most part.
He is always the captain if Hendo, Milner and Van dijk are all out.
My Liverpool fan family think hes better than Pedri ffs
Jota taking the mantle from Salah
You do realise that United win games because of individual brilliance of Bruno and Rashford and not because of Ole.
did mane fix his hairline
Honestly Parker should throw a chair. Find some water bottles Scotty make a scene.
Yes then walk back out right away when Kroos and Modric are fit again.
how many mendys are in the PL? i can count three are there more
i think 4, no?
Oh ya can't wait to get an upgraded Mount for my FIFA team
Wonderful goal, love how direct Mount is.
Agreed, but why discuss it as if the rules dont exist. The rules being shit and discussing as if they dont exist are two different things
It is quite normal to get angry anywhere, mate. Anger isn't something unique to football.
Haha no worries mate! But i agree, Mount has been massive for you this season.
Kroos is a legend just for this one sentence.
Outside of Werner it's not that fast of a team.
Isn't it just a couple of players off a full strength Liverpool?
Yeah, I would pay good money to play in Chelsea's first team tbh
Maybe Mount isn't interested in them?
Mariano managed to miss a header from the goal line, the only thing hes supposed to be good at is heading.
So not everything then
Klopp changing up players when he should be changing systems.
Carson Picket, Orland Pride player in the NWSL
Apparently there are different expectations regarding defenders vs attackers in the box. Essentially defenders get the benefit of the doubt.
Barca fans continued beef in match threads with Liverpool is so funny, still not over that game lol.
makes me wonder if hed be shite if he started for arsenal right now
In terms of brigading I dont think anyone can match Arsenal. Ive well-written, critical comments about players and the club go from 50 to -100 in a day.But I think overall all big club fans have gotten more self-righteous recently.
To be fair theyve turned it around from almost getting into a relegation battle and theyve had a few good results (Us, United)
He likes someone stockpiling guns and fantasizing about killing antifi members
Yea we should listen to Ozil instead after all he played the race card against the DFB president after being criticized for his little parade with his pseudo-dictator friend.
Fuck football
Proves you've got no idea.
> Also, man is Free Talk Friday gonna be fun today.Indeed, I can't wait to see some of the awful takes about where Labour is going wrong and why it's getting left in the dirt in some of its traditional heartlands.
Pellegrini bleeds Roma, has to be him
What a signing Cavani turned out to be for ManU, he often gets in Suarez / Forlan shadow by people but what a legend for Uruguay
You could blow Kroos into a billion pieces and youd still have 1 of them pieces in the team ahead of Mount
Ahh remember the days we would get this fixture almost 5 times a season
Mou's lows are lower, but his highs are higher. Overall career wise, it's gotta be Mourinho... though if given a choice I'd prefer Klopp at my team.
Hand in an unnatural position was what I thought was the definition.Admittedly, after the Hudson Odoi one, I dont know what the definition is anymore.
And that's why you're not in a position to earn 10k a month as a 19 year old
I could live last season as the others were firing and his overall game apart from finishing was okay enough. Everything about his game this season has been awful
Bareth gale own goal 95 minute To draw 1-1. Its written in the stars.
Just feels like a less of a punishment for clumsy hand balls. The ref can still deem a clear goalscoring opportunity.
awful celebration
CHO on for Ziyech would kill this game off
whoever fuck is wearing no. 9 been absolutely joy to see such magical invisible performance
If theyre being consistent with other decisions that should be a pen no? It was thumped into Gomezs hand earlier in the season and a pen was given. All I want is consistency
Whats up with this subs boner for hating pogba?
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Toni Kroos. The value he brings is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical football most of the greatness will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Kroos' holistic passing vision, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his football philosophy draws heavily from Johan Cruyff literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these skills, to realise that they're not just flashy - they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Kroos truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humor in Kroos' existential catchphrase "I dont know," which itself is a cryptic reference to Die Mannschaft's epic 7-1 against Brasil. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Joachim Lw's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. And yes, by the way, i DO have a Toni Kroos tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own preferably lower beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 
Most competitive league out of the Top 5 Leagues 
liverpool would have a pen if that was true
I seriously cant stand listening to Martin Tyler breath into the mic anymore.
Yeah I have no idea what this is about either?
Salah and curtis jones along with Robertson looked like the best players for pool rn. Surprised to see 2 of them off
See I have been seeing his DD for two days. He can fuck right off for the Casemiro one
All the hot takes come out through a slightly dodgy patch of poor form
There's a post calling for Hodgson to be the next manager - it's quite clearly a joke.
He never won the Eredivisie either, how can he call himself an elite player.
I think we're all just going to need to accept that VAR and the wording changes cannot account for the fact that hand ball is going to be a judgement, non objective decision for the officials.... Very easy of course to say that as a Chelsea fan who loves N'Golo.
He shifts the ball toward Maja. If he stood still the ball wouldve richocheted back towards sanchez
Dude like his style are so unbelievably boring I doubt he'd be involved in anything
Awful defending. You know he's going to cut back on his right so why give him the angle so easily?
The bar being set by Firmino and Mane isn't exactly high.
Utter bollocks. He loves United and wants to win trophies. He always sends out a strong side like he played Rashford and Bruno when United were already 4-0 up against Sociedad. Even last season he caused long term injuries to Pogba and Rashford by playing them in meaningless cup ties
It would be great if people stopped using the word "Arabs" as a byword for "People who do awful shit who happen to be Arabs".
Well yes but I can't really see Ireland being satisfied with a single stadium for the world cup with England getting 8. And as you just said it's been used before so why not again?
His attitude is honestly what really sets him apart
Someone who doesn't give a fuck about anything wouldn't even be on twitter in the first place saying all kinds of stuff.
Thats Hazard esque
Thiago has to be up there for flops of the season.
Changing midfield, no real supply, and Man has been off his game for a lot of this season.
Might even be Thiago although I could be stretching
Ziyech, c'mon man, what sort of pass was that..
watch us concede
This is exactly what stopped us from topping our CL group last year lmao. Different competition different rules i get it but where else is he supposed to put his arm? Even if he had no arms the outcome would be the same.
90+2 Lincoln 3-2 St Joseph'sSame as before.
Firmino is rubbish.he has a good game once every 10 games if that.the probalem is Liverpool dont have anyone else. The team outside of the starting 11 needs BIG investment
Which player from your club is most likely to become a TV pundit when they retire?
Mbappe for endurance. I reckon that R9s frame couldnt handle his explosiveness while Mbappes body is well suited for it
Going to be ridiculously difficult for this LFC team to rebuild in the europa league.
Maybe Liverpool need a partial rebuild.. I dont even know any longer
Your best result this season, a win over PSG, came without Pogba on the pitch
This is the sort of game Kante shines in, at home vs Burnley it's genuinely painful watching Kante on the ball.
Almost seem likes ref have a game of who can make the most embarrassing call. An absolute farce, how does anyone enjoy this
dunno, Sanchez still pretty sus too, could easily have cost us a goal
I'm not asking you, I am just wondering out loud
Kovacic as a 10? Visible confusion.
And David Luiz appreciation posts for not giving away a pen in a match
Real Madrid could really use this. Zidane for big games and someone else for easy games.
Instead it was daylight robbery against Liverpool.
Too conservative by playing James over Hudson-Odoi? That's about the only change we can make in this 3-4-3 and be more attacking, and James isn't terrible going forward.
Yeah, he just need to chop off his arms so he doesn't go offside
Really? I feel Rashford this season is doing better than sterling, he is just tired lately. Kdb starts over Bruno but I put bruno cf to get him in, he is still better as false 9 than both Jesus and Martial as natural forwards and Pogba is defo better than Rodri
We've received two bids from a British investment firm called BC Partners (600 million and 800 million) and interest from an American investment firm as well.Really hope the Saudi's don't get control, at the moment BC Partners are further along in the process but I have no idea what they would bring to the club.
I swear to god if we do another extra pass again...
Yikes. Fabinho loves bolsonaro. Does that mean someone should take out his knees?
Just cut it off bro.
It's from PGMOL themselves
Its more like your comment and username are struggling because they dont make sense
CAN'T STOP TURBO TIMO LOL
I think it's the other way around and arrogant kids wash out because they don't put in the work whilst the more humble ones are the ones who are more successful because they still grind day in day out.
His prematch interview he used the word speed about 8 times, was just talking about why Werner over Giroud though.
Really controversial opinion coming: The winner of the CL final should be awarded the trophy
How can you go from scoring 30+ goals last season to this? It's absurd.
Aye, Delhi's very good ok
Pretty sure Phillips and Davies are injured
Surprised this guy is not banned
Keyword: was
Everton are the most surprising of the lot.They keep racking up the wins with mediocre performances.Good thing is they have arsenal, Tottenham,west ham, wolves and city in their remaining games.
Ever since I questioned Kantes passing he's been putting in worldies lol.
Usually I hate people who say "games gone" but fuck me
I mean, if youre Manchester City, Chelsea, PSG, Bayern Munich and possibly Manchester United and Liverpool, then its really possible for them to sign such players even in the pandemic.
>surely some teams should be leap frogging us by nowLet's hope it's true come the end of the season
Yeah, and in fairness I still loved it, did ourselves very proud in the CL, never in my almost 50 years did I even think we'd even participate in it. Wouldn't surprise me if we never do again, would be so Leicester.
Mason can be a decisive here for Chelsea just needs to see the through balls better as the runs and space are there
Plus filtering by sub and while there are bots here there are way fewer than twitter which was like 30% bots before they started cracking down.
Just realized Kane is leading the assist and goal chart in the PL. Did anyone ever do both in the PL same season? Henry maybe?
At least the 0-0 draws will probably come to an end
Not sure about that. I think it's an immature approach to life to not just accept some people are going to be better but that's irrelevant to how hard you should try.
5 IN A ROW LOOOLLLLLLLL
Are you suggesting we're usually getting calls our way?
This is absolutely farcical.
games so fucking boring with all these shit 0.000000000000000001 nanometer offsides and handballs
Football agents were probably using Expected Assists before Opta.They just rolled out that giant television on a trolley that every office in the 90s had and they popped in the VHS tape of their player putting pass after pass onto the plates of impotent strikers.
GET FUCKEDDD
So I have formed this tactical hypothesis which is more of an observation than an actual tactic I guess  The whole concept derives from the maritime concept of windward and leeward, which describe what side of an point of reference faces the wind with windward side being the side facing the wind, and leeward facing away. In the seefahrer novels I read as a child, gaining space towards the windward side was always described as an advantage  one you actively had to work for, as naturally, the ship would rather drift leewards on its own, following the wind. However, gaining space windwards gives you more options I dont fully understand the logic behind it, as Ive never sailed in my life, but the concept seemed somewhat intuitive, and its not super important anyway for my football tactics idea.I discovered for myself that I could apply this dynamic to a football match  trying to gain windwards space, while the natural current, the game flow of the match wants to go leewards. Windwards being the areas of a match where you want to have possesion and control the match  mostly its center - which naturally are congested, highly pressured and fought over areas. The natural game dynamic thus dictates that the ball should be played to lesser congested spaces. Usually this means the ball is played to a fullback or a winger out wide. So it seems like going leewards with the ball is the best thing, especially when you think about quick transitions, where a fantastic change of sides is played, into the space, and the free winger on the other side gets the ball played into his feet and gets to run down the pitch and creates a massive amount of dynamic towards the opponents goal.But these situations are much easier to generate when you manage to be in possession of the ball in areas in situations, where it doesnt want to be  so when you move the ball windwards and dont play the easy pass leewards. By willfully congesting the pitch in one area, inviting the pressure you gain potential energy, so to speak which then can finally be released when it reaches ist peak: you play the ball leewards and Andrew Robertson is bombing down the sideThis all is somewhat obvious but I feel that it doesnt only show in these typical overload-situations but also in individual decisions, particularly of certain players players that enjoy possession, but also look for creative forward solutions  I have Gndogan in mind but obviously there are loads of othesr too. Often you see midfielders in advanced positions like the half-field trying a short dribble but subsequently being stopped  so they release the overlapping winger who can run into a little space but has to retreat again and play the ball back. However some player do not go for this intiuitive, leeward pass but instead open up, pull inside and/or pass to the center. If they manage to do so, they have gained windwards space: Now they have more passing options and can ideally release players on both sides of the pitch instead of just one or go fort he shot etc. Often you see them releasing the same winger anyway which they didnt pass to shortly before but have now gained a few extra meters space for him. Needless to say, to regularly execute this you need highly technical players who are comfortable with the ball and are press-resistant, which is why City players are such good examples for this.This whole thing has gotten very long but ultimatly its a simple concept oops. What do you think?
Aside from Crouchinho, who are the tallest outfield players to have played at a high level?
Exactly why its great
Not really helpful when the metric in itself is masisvely flawed. If you say where its difficult as sort of distance shot maybe, but then again is it really that decisive? You cannot judge a player by xG, you have to watch him regularly to take conclusions, but apparently that is too much to ask so whatever.
United fans do that as well
Bit of both/ a weird one. Not necessarily a stats freak but quite often you guys do create a high amount of chances but dont bury them. That being said at the same time because you are often a goal down/not winning teams are willing to sit further back against you lot and let you play which does result in a higher xG than if you had actually scored a goal. For example let's say you accumulate 1xG but you're 2 0 down so the opponents happy protecting the lead which allows you to then create further xG as they're sitting back and letting you have lots of shots - also I think this depends on the model (dont quote me on this I think some account for it and others dont) but often a lot of shots are from the same move for example lets say you take a shot of .1 xG it gets blocked then you take another of .2 xG some models may count it as .3 in total when it should be slightly lower. Another thing is that as I stated before like when you're behind teams are happy to let you have the ball - one game stands out in my mind recently this year being arsenal vs spurs where spurs won 2 0. Spurs had low xG understandably so - but arsenal had a really high xG despite not creating that many good chances as spurs let them play - whereas had it been 0 0 they wouldnt have had as much xG if that makes sense?So I'd say you guys do have a solid amount of good chances most games and just well some unlucky shit happens - your xG figure is also inflated as you arent scoring the goals meaning the other team isnt attacking you etc.
Mount probably just saw an headline that says something like Kroos doesnt lose sleep over Chelsea, because you know papers will always take things out of context, and went with it. Its completely normal for pro athletes to use what your opponents and the media says as a fuel, and just wanting to prove them wrong. In that case, obviously its not what Kroos meant, but its just how it probably happened.
This is why VAR is losing people who are very pro VAR.even with var i still couldnt see it
he is a top midfielder. probably in the top 20 in the world.
Games like yesterday really make me feel like we have got something super wrong with football. You see teams like Man United spending over half a billion on their players and still being extremely mediocre and it just makes you think, whats the point?  I do think something like a salary cap in the US would make football a lot better. Obviously it is complicated to implement but yeah
the irony that if his arm was in an unnatural position the ball misses it and its a goal
Where would the arm have to go there?
Anyone else think United fans have gotten a lot worse on here over the past year or so? Their downvote brigades can only be matched by Liverpool and they just make any thread about United total garbage
What a player
Yeah, should they change it?
Klopp always likes to point out a positive performance after a defeat, but he'd be lying if he said that today.Would be nice to see him just give credit today and say the best team won.
Fucking sort it out.
The most important thing out of all the unimportant things.
That pink Himalaya salt
Annual Kante masterclass vs us
Nobody realized Kroos said "Good luck in your FIRST CL final" he didn't say goodluck in THE UCL final.
Trent when you dont bring anything to the team going forward, your pretty useless
If they can score 4, we can score 6. Same energy needed in the 2nd leg.
Yes. If the ball touches an attackers hand in the build up, even if its by its side, it still doesnt count
The hand is up and away from the body
Coach Beard was reading this on Ted Lasso!!
Social media watches 10 min compilation videos to rate players
Come on, I know he doesn't generally gun for managers but we both know Gary Neville could go much harder.
Lol at that Kane one!
I cant lie the Bundesliga relegation battle is thrilling though
Samir Handanovic often wears baseball caps
"catched"
Just realised this will be another season that Liverpool fail to win the league after being top at Christmas.
It definitely should be, but that would see about 90% of pundits out of a job...
Literally cant do anything about it
and they had the misfortune of a goal being ruled off what many would argue incorrectly...
Kane and Tanguy.
Did see the back of the net
i'd rather feel its bad for utd in a professional way. with rashford being a leader you don't want him to go against his captain in such a way. thats as if muller yelled shut tf up to neuer for example, which i can't imagine happening without there being a big uproar about it.
Williams is absolutely awful, especially against pacey forwards, Werner wouldve eaten him alive
Please relegate us now, I never want to play in a game that has var again
You're online.
you picked literally the most universally criticized country and league for racism
Koeman has been good for us tho. I don't know what you're on about. I don't give a single shit about trophies. He's got the team playing enjoyable football again for the first time since Lucho. The dressing room seems more United than it ever was, probably the last time I saw such positivity all around the team was under Tito. He had no president, no striker, had to deal with Mexit, didn't get any of the transfers he wanted, is on medication due to his heart problems and gets nosebleeds often. He's done more than any manager could've done given how disastrously last season ended.
When you've won everything, there's not much to cry about
WHAT THE FUCKKKKKK
100 per cent made up for the Werner goal
Assume it has something to do with character. Bruce is a massive Newcastle fan whos always wanted the job. Hes more likely to lick Ashleys arse to stay in a job there compared to someone like Bentez, whod probably want more control.This is all pure speculation on my part though.
Klopp turning into the German Neil Lennon this season was unexpected.
Someone in the 'Utd have made no progress' thread suggested OGS would walk into a mid table PL job because of his time at Man Utd and got upvoted. But is there a single team in the league who would swap their manager for him right now? At an absolute push MAYBE Palace fans would because they're getting sick of Hodgson. And maybe Newcastle fans. Other than that I can't see any club wanting him.
Commentators are a bunch of benders too, wish somebody would outbid BT, fucking horrendous nuthuggers. How as a football fan can you defend that being disallowed.
I mean, thats just my opinion, I would gladly have a player like Roberto in our team instead of say Odriozola.
Shots ?? Then it should be Liverpool 2
A back 3 is always tricky to time the press, particularly on the outside CB's, because sometimes they'll receive a short pass where they're not suited to being pressed but sometimes they'll receive a longer pass or a pass out wide and that's when Salah/Man will press.
Yeah but Im sure theyll try and account for that in the model theyre using. How they are accounting for it is the real question though
We aren't.
lowest hanging fruit eh?
The fact that Real made it to the semis while still fighting for the league while being decimated by injuries is impressive if anything. Noone can blame them for going out to Chelsea. They fought for it for most of the 1st half and could have scored once or twice with Benzema even. After that it was obvious their legs gave out. Real Madrid players and Kroos especially have won it all. He doesn't need to explain himself to anyone. The whole thing started by a misquote anyway.
Imagine caring about what sweaty nerds on Reddit say about who you should support. Support whoever your heart wants lad.
Why do you think theyll sack him?
Why does VAR always measure the arm?
Second consecutive game where Mane doesnt get a pen because he stays on his feet after getting clipped.As long as refs and VAR reward diving, itll continue to get worse.
This rule change is actually shit, but it's a direct result of VAR supposedly needing more objective rules.
thank you! Love that from mount too.
I guess with scissors
Sounds like he needed to leave his boyhood club for one of the biggest clubs in the world, want to get paid more and go to one of the only clubs even bigger than Bayern.Shame Mount didn't do any of that, should have forced his way to Madrid.
There are two things I can't stand in this world: People who aren't respectful of other cultures... And ~~the Dutch~~ plastics
Timo Road Runner Werner
I think Havertz will turn out good and the other 2 will flop.
Lmaoooooooo
where is all this pace people say Liverpool have upfront?
I think it's also a case of not really having players he trusts around him.He has Fernandes to support him, but he's often playing deeper these past few games. Apart from that, he has Fred/McTominay in midfield -- not really going to unlock a defence.Shaw and a cross to Cavani are options, but then you run the risk of becoming Cross and Insha'Allah, F.C..
They are trying to get shit wrong, I swear.
Let's get this 0-0 draw
> Also Gibbs actually went over to Marriner and said "red, it was me" Is that true? I've never heard that. I've always heard it was the other way around and Ox told Marriner it was him but Marriner didn't believe him.
Werner really deserved that goal, i don't even like the man but that's like the third weird disallowed goal in a row.
Touche. Mason should've just kept quiet but I think he wanted to say that Chelsea did not have individual talents but are amazing together as a team.
I'm in this comment and I don't like it.
Fabinho's positioning is nowhere near good enough to play centre half at this level.Can't chase a striker like Werner around the pitch and hold a line at the same time.
> Benzema is sill good for at least 2 more yearsis he made of steel or something ? Im not trolling, Im genuinely asking. Isnt he already getting slower etc ?
fucking hell lad, calm down.
Werner lad
This league is a joke lol fire every official and recruit from overseas if you have to. No point in playing a league season with this quality of referees.
I just saw that Morelos yellow, outrageous it was definitely a penalty
Tuchel came to play for a boring draw. I think Mane finally gets back on the score sheet. LFC 2 CFC 1
Nuri Sahin
can someone please tell martin tyler that his mouth is way too close to the microphone, this is unbearable
Palmeiras 0-2 River Plate from the past few years. From older games Germany 0-2 Italy 2006.
fuck off if thats offside.
Would be pretty typical, 3-3 vs you lot being the case in point
Pregnant girlfriends
I thought he was pretty good in his last match
Wow Chelsea are passing out of Liverpool's press like it's nothing.  Credit to them, even in poor form Liverpool's press is immense. That's tough to do.
> Against Atletico, they probably wouldve been destroyed under LampardOn what basis lmao, Lampard wasn't incapable of beating good teams.
Not like this. He seems on fire
How did Werner miss this lol
0-0 Here we go !
That's not controversial at all, he's literally a couple centimetres away from him
Took it so personally he couldn't even remember who said it, he's clearly just saying he thinks Chelsea are a good team
Bold claim
They were knocked out of the champions league groups so, no.
Lol says the guy doing exactly that? You said Liverpool are so lucky Stop bitching at me
Didnt he talk shit about auba
Eh, I give him credit for not being conservative, but playing youth was really more of a lack of choice.Let's look at what has changed:Rakitic was about to leave before last season anyway. Arthur and Semedo didn't work out. Vidal...would've been useful in the double pivot. But ok, I'll take Pedri over him for sure.Suarez is probably the only one who he got rid of actively. And one could argue we really can use a 9 in certain games (such as yesterday). But alright, our pressing looks far better without Luisito. Now about actual changes to the starting eleven:Dest is a straight Semedo replacement. With Roberto being out for most of the season, he was our only rightback.Mingueza has been introduced well. Props. I like his profile. Very solid squad option.Pedri....we don't really have other midfielders. He could've played Pjanic, but he has straight up sucked, so at least Koeman realizes that.Araujo again, how much of it was because of Pique's injury, I don't know. Doubt he would've played as much if not.Less said about Puig, the better.Lest we forget Koeman continuously tried to play Coutinho Messi and Griezmann all together at the same time. That is very bad, tactically speaking.Also, narrative would've been much different had Ocampos finished his penalty yesterday.All in all, I will give Koeman credit for making us press more intensely. His tactics have left a lot to be desired at times, but at other times he has made some smart adjustments.Will be interesting to see how he finishes the season. I will reserve judgement until then.
I just don't believe in replacing managers every 2-3 years, I hate that aspect of the modern game. How are managers supposed to build anything at a club when they're not given time? I also hate that ole is considered to be failing despite being 2nd in the prem, as I've said before, and the only manager ahead of him is generational. I'm convinced other clubs just want united to replace ole to set us back 2 steps again
Andy Madley, I think
I find him to be more defensive than Valverde or Paredes
Paul ruined it all with the Frog Chorus
What's that?
>so evidently it is a bit hard.That's all I needed to know haha, thanks!
This is the exact type of game Liverpool would've shithoused a late winner last season
>What would Roy Keane have done if Rashford told him to shut the fuck up in response to being told to work harder?Probably would've decked him.
Anyone else get nervous af whenever theres a pass back to Alisson
Liverpool flairs disappearing at an alarming speed
What do you mean?It's entirely to do with "deciding" who to support. It's only somewhat to do with where you're from.You can be a foreign fan without being plastic. You can't make that conscious decision to decide who to support without being plastic.
Lmao and now Kante waving his arms next to his head isn't a handball, nonsense
How would you know?
Id say 4th or 6th but not 5th.
Tory twinks?
Would it tho? If it hit his thigh it mightve not deflected to a mate?
That rule needs to be changed immediately. No consistency and then things like this that have no business being handballs get called
I didn't say it was better i said it's closer in the Premier League right now then any other league which is what the OP was saying. The OP being a Atletico Madrid fan.
For the sake of the argument let us ignore every white person on the team in 2018. That still leaves us with Boateng, Rdiger, Can, Tah, Gndogan, Khedira and San. None of which have come forward in support of zil's accusations, some outright denying racism *in* the team. I get the position of listening to potential victims, especially when they are in some form marginalized. But after doing that it's also important to look at all the facts on the table. And none of those support anything in zil's unhinged rants. Not even accounting for all of this coming up after him buddying up with an autocrat.
Big Dunc and Don Carlo always look like they are polar opposites of each other lol
> I think you are making a big assumption here. Pogba was also excellent for France in the world cup as part of a pivot next to a top tier defensive midfielder. He can absolutely play there at a high level in the right setupThe formation may be the same but the system is different; they played more long balls into Giroud, they had a DM playing LW in Matuidi and the fullbacks didn't go forward as much, particularly Pavard at RB. Honestly it would only work if United had a shuttler at RW who had a bit of creativity, think prime Milner if he hadn't played for all of your northern rivals. > Yes, but I am not convinced it's as balanced as having Pogba in the pivot honestlyIf you play Pogba in the pivot either Shaw or AWB will have to become more conservative, if you get a RW that's good pulling wide to stretch the defence and creating from the flank then AWB can be more flexible, and lessen his offensive burden. > Pogba also doesn't score at an elite level and while he's creative, he hasn't been assisting at an elite level either in the past year or twoPogba isn't a player that should be measured by numbers because you'll come to the conclusion that he's shit, Kroos and Xavi fall into the same category of player. Apart from that run when Ole first came he's never been that guy. I think the vast array of skills and traits he possesses makes people think he should be responsible for everything his team does.
Because we rebuilt when lvg came in, we rebuilt when Jose came in, we rebuilt when ole came in, notice a pattern?>What a load of fucking shit. You can support the team and still recognise that the manager isn't good enough.I would agree with this IF the manager was a disaster. We're second in the league ffs, I'm sure every united fan is just waiting for fergie 2.0 to lead us towards a new promised land.
Jota on and immediately hits the floor lmao
It's like when you're a kid and you pull your arms inside your shirt and then stick out your hands like a T-Rex.
Just last week:Werner: the PL is very difficult and physical league Overweight virgins on r/soccer: Nah mateSomething about this site specifically, encourages people to chat out of their arse about stuff they know nothing about.
He has made a lot of howlers, given a few penalties as well. Cost us a few games.
Works when youve got van dijk
In the referees defence this time its not on them, its just a fucking stupid rule. If its not a handball when the defender does it, it shouldnt be a handball when the attacker does it. It should be that simple but it isnt
Rule change 4
VAR got problems but this particular one got not much to do with VAR
This squad selection screams pass around the back for 90 minutes while creating 2 chances at most that we miss anyway because we dont have a single good finisher.
It depends who youre getting data from. Opta only uses data from the specific league theyre assessing, which I think is the best way to do itthat or they use all Top 5 Leagues.Bundesliga xG for example though uses the Bundesliga down to the 3. Liga to perform its calculations.
Why would he be sacked? They'll finish top 4, under the ownership and Ole they aren't shit enough for him to get sacked while not good enough to actually win anything
Might?
Hardly a hot take when only 2 out of the last 14 CL winners didnt have a French player in their squad
Its just terrible management. If you look at the French FA and the Argentine one its night and day. That being said, we (argentina) havent lost in a while, and if a top CB breaks through in the next 2 years maybe something special can happen
Second game in a row if he falls thats a pen. Not that Im advocating it tho
Bruh Timo looks so done. When he actually does well and scores he often loses it to an offside call. Actually feel for him a bit there.
Trent: stop blockin cross
Surprised its salah off not Mane...
That too
i mean even this comment saying zidane has a lot to learn from mou(obviously) as if he was not coached and dropped by 2 other coaches since 2018 is not a sign, or "isco is wasted potential", also said "scared madrid will have milan like decline"(this was in a post saying we had to pay back the **5m** state aid lmao) and that is just a few hours in his profile.Think he's already banned from r/realmadrid
That's less of a handball than CHOs at the weekend!
So thats a handball but the one in the Chelsea game over the weekend wasnt? Just pick a ruling and stick it out till the end out the season
Not Jordan's fault that no one bar Salah can score.
Werner actually had time to finish that
No idea. Madrid got a steal
Silas or Endo
Hopefully, and they should have more chance of linking up behind the striker, which is what I think will be the case today - Mount as a false 9 worked well against Spurs.
In a way it's comforting that every sport I follow in is currently having raging debates about rules, officiating and how the game is played. In many ways I think it's just another symptom of the modern world, with the old and new not quite being in sync
That was horrible by Kabak there, Werner should have scored that
As a Spurs fan I'm happy we're still winning, but christ on a bike, that is the most idiotic decision I've seen in a while. I'm not debating the correct application of the rule, just think the whole situation is a farce.
Thats Reinier just to make it more confusing. Madrid love spunking money on trying to find the next Neymar
Whoops, meant to reply to the first comment again
I proved countless of times that this shit is flawed with valid arguments too, i wont recite it for every xG worshipper here, maybe do your own research. Remind me to stay the fuck out of these threads and save some time since its pointless, my mistake.
Jeez what a goal
oh i agree. Just think it's funny how someone who says he always sleeps well and is "calm" was too nervous to help his team win a CL final.
Lukasz Piszczek
Rudiger been crazy good tonight.
Issue for Tuchel's men is LFC can create via all of the same methods Chelsea can create from except to a higher standard. LFC's pressing and goal threat is better than Chelsea's so they'll play out of CHE's press, trouble their build-up and are more likely to score on the ball.
Michael Owen is the funniest player of all time.
Chilwell has not been putting in good balls at all
True. And hey, use whatever motivation works. I just hope most people dont take it that way, because Toni has long said he just doesnt get nervous.
We need that Amrabat gifMan knew the truth before most of usVAR is well and truly bullsheeet
yeah, he had more fouls at that point than anyone while already on a yellow. also during that tackle he got asensios foot first and then the ball.
Ozil parade with his pseudo-dictator friend was also pretty dumb specially after he accused the DFB president of being racist towards his ethnicity despite the fact that Gundogan who shares the same ethnicity as him wasnt abused,discriminated or thrown under the bus by the DFB.
Dias or Cancelo.
Was Drogba more popular than CR7 in Africa? Im pretty sure the Utd fanbase increased tremendously over there due to him. Same thing applies to many Asian countries. Ive met many Indians and Middle Eastern people who started watching Premier League because of Ronaldo era Man Utd.
Being priced out of going to the game is a consequence of the rampant commercialisation that goes hand in hand with globalisation. The impact on local fans is why I hate it.
I cant wait to see Pulisic in the reverse fixture at the capital
haven't watched this video yet but Nouman has been disappointing me lately with some of his analysis. Used to watch his vids as soon as they came out
Yeah agreed, but my point is that just one user having one stupid opinion doesnt mean that the entire fanbase is getting deluded
Konat + Dr Cugat double signing by Arsenal so needed
I know my club isnt stupid enough to repeat failures. Recruiting a Marseille player in Paris never ends up well, especially for the player. Once the stadium reopen access to the public he would Instantly regret his decision. So yes I know my club, thank you.
Whos the better physical specimen or athlete?Prime Ronaldo Nazario or Kylian MbappeRate it in terms of Sprint Speed: Agility: Foot Speed: Aerial Ability: Explosiveness:Endurance:Strength:
watching ederson be worse than alisson for the past 2-3 seasons would do it
that's the beauty of it, Mount and the fans can interpret however they wants. Works both way.
We beat spurs and Leipzig
99% of Bayern's ultras or fan groups in German will like it. They've been shitting on Rummenigge's obsession with Qatar for the past 2 years, this is Dortmund joining in and sharing a similar message to the one's they want Bayern to do.
He also dominated them in the stamford bridge game
Strange decision for Werner to try and kick it at chest height. Should have used his head
I prefer that to what handball was becoming earlier in the season tbh
I didnt say otherwise, the defense does well, the midfield progresses the ball well, and then it comes to the wings and dies completely. You underestimate the difference of having a good attack.
The general opinions this sub gives are such fucking dogshit.
> no exceptions.chelsea vs. west brom earlier this year begs to differ/
I am...perplexed
Mr Wenger says USMNT will be good in 2026, I agree 
GET THE FUCK IN
"expected crashes" fucking hell that's done me in
Agreed.
Isn't it more that he liked a post about gunning down people in Antifa?
united aren't exactly the model club are they? if you give us, bayern, barca, psg the same kind money and the leniency to have a -**631m** net spend then we would be doing just as well.
Referee: "Look, if you don't want to give commit handball, you just shouldn't have arms."
I think Ziyech-Werner will work way better than Ziyech-Giroud did
the clubs keep them around because they're good, not out of the goodness of their heart. the player owes you nothing.
I agree, dome people just don't realise that the rules are different
No Liverpool fans to chime in about how VAR fucks them
What exactly is the reason for PSGs lack of youth integration? The club churns out top prospects but they inevitably leave for game time, so why is PSG unable to incorporate them in an aging squad?I dont remember any particular rules regarding limits on youth players in the first squad for Ligue 1 unless Im mistaken.
I thought goalies could wear caps just like in Captain Tsubasa , too bad they can't
YES SIR MASON
He didnt play football since February because the dutch league stopped prematurely and he just came from injury too. He is better than Pulisic, thats not even a question.
What a bitter little bitch .
Glock Gnabry coming on
Barcelona's comeback yesterday was just insane. Can't wait for BraithGOAT scoring a hattrick and Ter Stegen scoring a scorpion kick in the 90th minute from a corner, to send us to the quarterfinals at the Parc De Princes
Very not cool!
they might not make to Europe too
But you guys now have Suarez who was racist and also bit players; how can Kroos be more unlikeable than that?
He's still defending excellently... and passing very well for the most part. He's working very well with Mount
What was the tactic today? Am I missing something?
The soul of the club dies either way, the energy drink is the lesser of two evils.
So basically now all you need to do is put your boot through the ball into the player's arms 2 yards out, which is in a natural position, which is tucked in literally stuck to his thigh.Absolutely fuck off, decisions like those are killing the sport
This still sounds salty lol
Chelsea scored vs West Brom where it touched Havertz arm...
Are you not done trolling? Jesus christ, how do people have the time to act as the rivals fans for internet points
Lol what a turn by Jorginho under pressure there
Lloris captained his country to a World Cup...
The defensive handballs were tweaked, they didnt do anything to the attacker handballing leading to a goal part.
Better lose this season then when fans are back lol
Still the only south west team to be in the Premier League
Yes tbh
Ferguson screaming at his tv now:YOU COULD HAVE KILLED HIM
Leipzig's scouts aren't great. Salzburg's however are very very good imo.
Wtf, stones??
In other words, go fuck yourself Mount
I think he was offside, I'm gonna tell myself that anyway.
Simultaneously, the following are true:Ole is a shit coach;Our players are shit;Our players are held back by Ole;Were 2nd this year and 3rd last year only because every other team(with the exception of City) are held back by the pandemic, and we are somehow immune to it.Well, then.
He loves the idea of antifa getting gunned down
Yeah I dunno I suppose I would actually have Aguero over Cavani because I was more going for the actual best XI from the available players of those teams as opposed to form.
Get fans back in the stadiums already. Space them out if you want. Make them wear masks if you want. Just get them back inedit: it's literally outside, with masks, social distanced. what part of that do you all have a problem with?
5th 9th 11th
Kante has been phenomenal today.
Yes Havertz lad
That decision has got nothing to do with the rules, that's just atrocious officiating. I can't believe that wasn't a penalty.
They probably keep watching Ty
"We should sign the starting center back for the German Sheffield United to solve our defensive crisis" - the best manager in the world
Yeah, I feel like it's more of a good natured put down than a proper dig. Didn't feel malicious to me.
lmao me thinking every time this is when he finally scores
Arteta should be coaching Ipswich, not Arsenal.
Shut up your team wouldnt even be top 5 in the bundesliga rn
Thank god, I thought Werner memes were over when he scored
I will agree with most things if it rhymes
4-2 Bayern win with Kimmich, lewy and Haaland all scoring at least 1 goal
Klopp just guaranteeing Liverpool dont have European commitments next season so they can reclaim the league title again. Big brain strats
Dont believe these results would come with a full Anfield, in fairness.
shut up number neek
Fucking hell Rudiger, he's lucky Mount is so good because that pass was awful.
Liverpool losing? You love to see it
So original
VAR was supposed to stop the ambiguity. All VAR had done is add another layer. The problem is clearly the officiating and their lack of coordination. I don't mind shit officiating. I just want it to be the same for everyone.
Because it's so hard to be *loyal* to the best clubs in the world? "Oh you've been a loyal Bayern fan for the past 10 years? I am so sorry for the struggle you have to go through!"
The rules don't care about distance. According to the rules, that should absolutely be a penalty.
nah, were farmers remember
Who wins in a fight, Klopp or Tuchel?
IPL doesn't really have that kind of local significance. You support whoever you want. I support RCB despite DC being nearer to me
So rules have changed again nice
Did I miss something with Pulisic? Whats all the fascist chat?
Its said because the same team wins other leagues every season.
Two dumb VAR decisions in this match alone. Luckily they canceled each other out, sort of.
Your mum definitely does. She says hi
Ah there's the Timo we know
Mane goes down, that's a penalty. The referees have royally fucked the game up. Players are punished for honesty and rewarded for dishonesty.
Wow goal disallowed. Werner robbed.
thats not very difficult
Yeah maybe, might accommodate him in a false 9 role assuming Aguero isn't readily available.
They need to change this rule ASAP. How much more in the "natural silhouette" could his arm possibly be??
R9 pisses on Mbappe from a great height in every possible metric.
Its a bit of both really. Overall, it's understandable the position given injuries but then you look at specific games and results, where you put out a very strong side and lost because of strikers misfiring, injuries comes across as an excuse to defend the likes of Mane and Firmino.
They have been trying to sign a contract with him for a year now. What do you even mean?
I feel this is a bit reactive. Yeah, they were a bit lucky on their run, they have had a shit ton of penalties and they have some average players, but all in all it's still a very young team. Right now they have something positive to build on.
I'm telling you that it isn't to do with where you're from.You can live on the same road of the club you claim to support. If there was a time where you didn't claim to support that club but you made a conscious decision to support them then you're a plastic.I don't understand why you're struggling with that.It's just that most people who are plastic don't live near to the club they claim to support because the further away you live from the club the more difficult it is (read "impossible") to form that bond given it's extremely rare that you would get the opportunity to see that team play and to fall in love with them or that your parents would have that emotional bond that gets passed down.
I dont watch Liverpool much but I almost dont regognize their front 3 anymore. Wtf happened?
Mans still doing the chunkz celebration he needs a new one
Liverpool fans remembering they won the CL with a very similarly underserved handball decisionNever a pen
absolutely, just two guys letting it out after a big game. you're right. it's just banter but for some reason it annoyed me. I think it's cuz I entered the thread and everybody's talking like kroos is above the banter.
How does that affect their front 3?
Swap dour draws with Roy for four draws with Ole. Not much difference really.
No one does these days, weve seen 10 far more obvious handballs ignored and 10 penalties given for much less this season alone
Yep. Just trying to fit in and sucking up to the 51ers while their clubs are owned by American hedge funds and oligarchs.
I believe the rules are different for attacking and defensive situations, still absolute nonsense though.
Same here. Ole's dreadful long-ball football doesn't help either but it's mainly mainly the poor product on the field. Millimeter-level VAR decisions, crap refereeing and no crowds.
I saw some stuff about fruit last time I went on it. Certainly not how id spend my friday.
where are the funny ones?
Whos the first Man City player that comes to mind prior to the takeover? For me Id say Georgios Samaras
Probably because we dont know as much about it because Italians dont pretend everything that happens in their country is world news
Fair point, hard to imagine someone saying that to Keane, Terry, Gerrard etc.
See how he lost his first CL final to Chelsea?
why do you think it still only happens 4 years then? More than 90 years but still only happens once in 4 years. Because everyone would complain.
Liked an Instagram post saying antifa members should be shot
The referee is following the laws of the game, the attacker isnt allowed to score goals immediately following handballs.
Did you not read my reply to your comment..? I corrected penalty to fowl and gave you 2 examples off the top of my head...
I read the comments before I watched the video and I was like "well yeah, it's by his side, attacking player, this and that.." and... this is atrocious
Whys Werner trying to chip it there
PL fans are braindead the comments are awful
Is he supposed to cut off his arm? That is bullshit. Something needs to be done about this
Klopp being a bitter cunt again... Hahaha
Wow that is fucked up. And the Chelsea one wasn't a handball? AhahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhWhat a fucking joke this league is.
oh my fucking god what the fuck jesus fuckinh hell ahhahahahahahhaha fuck
Id be pissed if a defender that I knew I was better than said that to me too
ive seen james pearce clash with our fans lol. "delete or get blocked"
He does have a second career. Weve seen him in LOTR films, Planet of the Apes, The Prestige, The Last Jedi and MCU films. Now hes gonna portray Alfred in Matt Reeves Batman.
Magadona lol
Ridiculous
Wow, Tuchel is really going all guns blazing for the win here at Anfield
Liverpool still favourites in this set up. Just more likely to be pressed down that left hand side because there's nobody occupying the left back position but staples within the system remain compactness in midfield, overload in the build-up, pressing in the 4-3-3 shape.
Switch to Boost for Reddit
That ball hit his leg and chest.
> Cringe can be used as an adjective  By those that don't understand English.  A frog giving English lessons to the English, got to love it. Now I know why the term "arrogance" is derived from French.
Why Delhi?
Wenger could. Literally any manager better than Southgate. I mean hope he either does amazing in the euros or bombs out. I don't want some just so performance that keeps us stuck with such mediocrity.
I hate to make the same old whinges that everyone else already has... ...But, when you compare the Fulham disallowed handball and then Kante's one, it's absolutely outrageous that the law is how it is.  That's not even to say Kante's was the wrong decision, but it makes literally 0 sense that both of these decisions are different outcomes. Don't get me wrong, I know it's the rules. But for an attacking player to be punished like that when a defender doesn't get punished is just on another level of stupid.
No idea, they were a group of 3 or 4 all absolutely wasted, started teasing me and one of them slapped me but with the hand closed like in a punch lmao, I was like 14
I pray we dont bottle this shit
Neither
Welcome to reddit
Assuming you're talking about the Premier League.The relegation battle is no where near done. There's only 7 points between Fulham and Southampton in 14th and down the bottom of the table teams easily catch up to each other.
To be fair Id probably rather have Solskjaer at this point.
both scoring at Anfield too, you love to see it.
I swear i saw this exact comment earlier
That's a 100% penalty. Refereeing is atrocious.
It's more Liverpool being shockingly bad than anything.
I think Liverpool win big here
Good luck in your first CL final, kid.
You are the moral center of this sub, no doubt.
The only time Man stays on his feet is when he's actually fouled. Weird.
AHAHAH BIG ROBBERY I EVER SAW, WASNT EVEN OFFSIDE...ARE THESE REFS OK?????
Wow ....
Pretty sure he became calmer and more confident after that incident. May have used it as motivation
Jorginho has been great under Tuchel so far
We lost sitters at Anfield.I don't blame him for Liverpool, honestly. For Roma, sure, but not for Liverpool, we got 4 major chances at Anfield, that has to be more than anyone else got in that Stadium, that season.
Yeah and the rules are nonsense, kinda my point
It was tweaked slightly but the language that an accidental handball that leads directly to a goal scoring opportunity is an offence is still in there.
Was Pulisic strip searched on his way into the stadium?
Hasn't lived up to it. Has done fuck all whenever I've watched him play.
Under the current rules, this isnt a gray area.
On mobile the match thread link doesnt work
Except hes also liked posts by Hilary Clinton and Obama. Maybe we shouldnt be so quick to judge a 20yo footballer for liking an Instagram photo with a hidden caption?
I'll be buying Italy's third kit.
Is Firmino playing?
West Brom maybe?
For the opponents, yes :(
Disagree, Grealish is the type of guy to pick up an attack and put it on his back
why Selhurst?
The funniest thing about it is how it influenced any VAR announcement later, where they have to state that VAR will intervene in case of mistaken identity. It is now one of the three "pillars" of VAR just because of this incident. IMO the problem is not mixing up both, the problem is how do two refs miss the player who did it.
I don't know if Liverpool will ever score again, the way they're looking
I genuinely cant comprehend the thought process that makes someone think theyre smarter than people who are paid 6-7 figures annually to do this. xG for example is also the reason Liverpool hired Klopp. And the reason Paco Alcacer came to Dortmund. And the reason a player like Ruben Neves has taken fewer shots outside of the box this year than in years before.
no yellow for that?
They basically changed it because everything that slightly touched the hand before a goal subsequently disallowed it. This was the only way that would make it easy to judge and somewhat fair. Although obviously this is the worst case scenario for the rule
I'm livid
Good player.
Fixed this problem, just refresh this thread
Oh but dont wear a black panther mask or celebrate a goal with a dance watch his head explode 
All I can say is fuck Tottenham
Just to temper Liverpool fans' excitement a bit, just having Jota on the pitch will not necessarily right all wrongs.
Man who peddles rumours gets mad when its assumed hes peddling rumours
He was like a fucking aeroplane. What on earth.
Game's gone, but unironically.
he hasnt said anything close to that this season so ... no?
Chilwell, for the love of god, don't even attempt to cross anymore
Lets not go too far
Holding arms and jumping together with a banner in Cataln and Castellano saying "Grcies Barto"
Had a bad feeling as soon as he collected the ball
This is a handball but Kantes vs liverpool is not, and hudson-odoi vs united is not. The refs have got to be trolling us at this point.
How do people still not get xG? The models may be complicated but the concept itself isn't difficult.
Well maybe his grandpa moved to Argentina, and then moved to brazil from there and had Tonys dad.
Chelsea getting away with lots of handballs lately
Farcical. It's become a game of armpits - which you can't score with anyway.His whole body is miles onside.
Looks like Ozil did something bad
imo it's not purely about local vs international talent but more about all the other stuff globalisation brings with itLocal fans wouldn't mind their teams losing some star players and playing lower quality football if it meant the commercialised aspects would go away, ticket prices would be lowered, the gap between teams would decrease, there would be more of a community feel among the clubs rather than being "brands" etc. (of course this is a very unlikely scenario)
Different times, footballs changed
In this situation, isnt he a defending player since the other team had possession?
> Not only that but appointing a new manager would likely set us back 2+ years given that we'd require a rebuild.You need a rebuild, new manager or not.
Problem isn't even that mm shit. Like if it is because of the down to edge of the sleeve, I genuinely have no fucking clear what the rules are, you can't even score with that body part and he gets no advantage from it, then doesn't anyway. Plus his foot was planted. Just tf are the rules and var doing
Proposed
Is Mike Ashley intentionally sinking the club, maybe to do some shady insider trading or some shit? Because I refuse to believe he hired Steve Bruce to succeed. There's more to this.
Yeah he should have had 1, but if we're being honest he's missed 2 sitters as well
Brilliant from Mount!
Hazard has won everything Kroos has won except 1 less league, 4 less Champions Leagues and 1 less World Cup.
It should be really. Leaning forward is a natural position to be in for motion. At least any part of the body you can legally score with for fuck sake.
Need to see another replay of that one. Looked level to me
Horseshit.Not the signing FSG and was purely a Klopp signing so doesn't fit in at all
Well Benfica being fan owned and democratic is extremely important to the club, it being bought would kill it
Tbh I think we only appointed him because of the ban and because it would placate fans for a year or two while we rebuild.
Combine that with Mendy being great at making runs and not able to do well in the attacking third. With Vazquez atleast we had a good RB cover for Carva. One reason I feel for KCM not being that creative now is because of the quality of wingers we have. Whats the difference if you play a gorgeous through only for Vinicius or Mendy to not cross it properly and lose possession? Add to that fact that we dont have anybody in the middle while we make play ,any because Benz does a way better job drifting to the both the left and right flank. I feel they do a decent job down the middle if Modric is given the license to come forward. And I completely agree with you on this - the final third can only be coached up to a certain point. I have defended Vinicius everywhere- because the dude is 20. He could become a genuine contender for being the best player in the world once he works out his decision making in the final third with regards to crossing and shooting. I remember a game against Sevilla I think where we wasted 3 counters- all by him fucking up something or the other I think Benz fucked up once too. Its genuinely painful to watch after you watch the likes of Bale ,Cristiano and Marcelo. Against Liverpool in the second leg too, after Valverdes brilliant cross field ball, if it was a Vinicius with a calmer head, he could have scored. These are small details but if you aim to win titles and trophies, you need to bury these chances. I might sound like a douche for pinning it all on Vini, but thats how I feel. I am more disappointed with Asensio, because he simply cant play as a right winger. Leaves us with a young Rodrygo, who can do everything right- has good crossing, good shooting, fast and skilful. But hes fucking 19. Our best winger is Vazquez god knows if he is staying or not, and given his injury, thats bad, but only when combined with Carva because they interchange their positions well. We need Mbappe asap and a another RB.There isnt a winger out there with nearly the same output as Kylian. We also need another winger, but I dont have any idea who that could be. We have young midfielders coming up from the academy, Blanco and Arribas put in good performances, hope they get promoted next season. Odegaard has to show up next season here. I just want this season to end and see what happens in the summer.
Barring Pope's brain fart for the goal, I thought both keepers showed why they're two of the best in the league.
Hes getting prepared to run. Where should his arms be?
The VAR decision seems to have killed our momentum now...
This reply is strong and killed it like his pass against Liverpool
Irrelevant to United atm;)
i found this thread really funny
Pedri is better than Fati? I dont watch a lot of Barcelona but I thought Fati was seen as the best youngster in the world by many
>Have no time to debate who the better manager is.So in a post about one manager replacing another, you don't want to say who is the better manager? Okay, that's stupid
Nah too close. Would be fuming the other way around
Who are they mourning?
Any examples of this delusion?
Weghorst is tall giess
Ahh okay my bad maybe someone tweeted it at him or something idk.
Because it was the right call. The rule is dumb, but the refs got it right.
Money + personality
Winning games is usually a good sign that you are winning games.
Why Salah
Do they? You are 10th at the moment, 6 points behind them and a game in hand. Not saying that I see them not getting top 10 by the end of the season, but if their current form continues they could at least see themselves outside of top 10 for few weeks.
Is that Florian Wirtz?
he has appealing stats in terms of finishing >But even if he was shite, would you rather everybody calling him a donkey?yes I would? idk what your point is
Uh no, can you see my flair bud?
He's stepped in to pinch the ball really nicely a few times
Biased, not bias.
Zidane always good is a sentiment I've seen here.
there's always the chance they get banned from the league for not having enough players to field due to injuries
Regardless of all the VAR controversy, Chelsea have pretty comfortably looked the better team today. Liverpool really need to change *something.*
Embarrassing
I wonder if the people who came up with that rule ever played the sport. And I don't mean on a pro or semipro level. I mean if they've ever even kicked a ball around with some mates.
I get it if his arm was out and that's what made it bounce a certain way that it could be turned into a shot, but his hand was on his thigh. The exact same thing would have happened if his hand was somewhere else and it hit his leg
Get better defenders
Mane before firmino no question
Klopp being married to 433 is maddening. How can you sign Thiago and not at least try a 4231? its borderline criminal.
You guys were so horny to see him punch down on a 20 year old lmao. Shameful
Thats a joke surely. There isn't a more natural place to put your hand
Liverpool need a new #9 so badly. A guy like Aubameyang would be so amazing for them. A figurehead that they can aim for in the box.
I find the tabloid mini-furore over Rashford telling Maguire to "STFU knobhead" funny. Most groups of friends say worse playing with each other at Powerleague in this country. Non-story really.
I should've clarified I meant in attack. With hazard being injured and rodrygo being injured an already weak attack was weakened. I only meant 75m as in it's not a depleted squad just because rakitic left.I'm not saying we have a worse squad far from it, but our depth is only in defense and midfield. We had a good defense last season when everyone was fit and now that they're not our strongest area has been weakened is what I meant. Rodrygo has been gone since december , benzema has missed 7 games, hazard has missed 24 games, fede 15 games, ramos 23 games and carvajal 25.Ramos and carvajal were 2/5th of the best defense in europe. It was clear to anyone watching last season we needed more attacking threat. Losing fede and carvajal has basically taken the sting of an already stingless attack. And you can see odegaard playing at arsenal he's not the player he was in last season, he's still getting used to whatever operation he had.And don't bring up the fake neymars, i like those two but they shouldn't be and were not supposed to play so many games, if hazard and asensio were fit and normal they would only ever be backups.
How are we still doing these millimeter bullshit offside checks it's honestly disgusting
Yeah you're probably right actually
Imagine we sacked Pep tomorrow, and appointed Uwe Rosler.Former fan favourite striker, coached in Northern Europe and the Championship. That's the position United are in with Ole. It absolutely blows my mind.
thats pretty classy
Klopp took Salah off because he wasn't tracking back enough and trying to score a goal. Fuck me
He was already looking like a model after his debut season. He matured and also fixed his teeth. Once he became muscular, he became a way better commercial entity compared to Beckham. It coincided with his greatness since 2006-07 season. You can see how Utds fanbase tremendously increased during CR7s peak with them which was 2006-09 and I can definitely say that Premier League as in whole became the global phenomenon it is today thanks to him. I remember in Netherlands, there was a sudden increase in PL viewership when CR7 started being the great player he is during 2006-07 season.
Keita still hasnt lost at Anfield
Been saying he a future ballon dor contender for a while
Black Panther is now a global cultural icon. Unless he does something stupid like celebrate in blackface, I wouldn't behoove him of that.
Go home kloppo
How are Man City games interesting? They strangle the opponent for 90 minutes and eventually one of their false inverted centerback 8s scores
Wtf football is dead. SMH
Marquinos, kimpembe>>Sevilla CBs imo.
Lmao this is the worst of the worst. This is the one.
made me laugh, good shit
I love how lots of Barca fans are enjoying it as well. It was so clean, not offensive, could be considered nice, or considered a fit reply for the Mount's tone-ish comment.
I can't even put myself in the shoes of all of you guys on here, and twitter etc, that seem to live a life where you genuinely think the wealthy star players actually care as much as you. I'm sure they can be really sad about not winning something, or losing games etc, but I promise you, they aren't walking around feeling as depressed as you are when they go home to their estates that are larger than your hometown.
why not the thumbs up boy??
MAGAdona is my favorite I think
Hassenhutl's Austrian
West London getting fucked by VAR today
Mods tripping again smh fam
Is that the Gandalf actor? Happy birthday to him!
I'd like to think there's an option between spending 200 million and nothing
Don't have to be a fucking statistician to understand the concept of "expected quantity".
Okay Boomer
Ashley Cole in the conservatory with the lead pipeThat mustard shirt is horrendous
Difference being Rashford is a leader figure for United already. Foden and Trent aren't.
They change the rule every week, this according to the rules is the right decision. But CHO Vs United, Everton Vs United, so many examples to show the inconsistency in refereeing. I don't care if the rule is bullshit or not, as long as it is being consistently referred to then fine if not the rules will not help. It's the abysmal standard of refereeing in the PL that makes it so frustrating for supporters.
I think a true fan can only be a true fan if he started to support a club when it didn't do well.
That VAR decision was nonsense, it could've been 2-0. Chelsea are looking good.
Why is there no quality control? Why is nobody telling him about it?
I wasn't the one to bring it up here. But it's easy talking about loyalty when you support a big club. Though I agree, a plastic is a plastic, doesn't matter if the club is big or small.
OP made a statement that there was no doubt that Spurs were finishing top 4. Since I knew he was a Spurs fan, I made a joke that he had accidentally typed Spurs.I wasn't looking for a debate about whether Spurs can finish top 4. Obviously they can. I was just making a joke in response to an overly biased statement which said there was no doubt.
pool fam, but unlucky werner. Playing like dogshit for last 10 or so minutes
Ok but why dont var even look at it?
Christensen has been immense today, continuing on from his display at Atleti
Are commentators ever going to stop mentioning that Mount didn't start Tuchel's first game as if he was chucked out of the team or something?
This is the opposite of salty. He is being a good sport.He could have tweeted "Great game, good luck in the final!" and people would be outraged and think it was a dig.
Oil sheikh
It should be more convincing but I'll take the W any time!
Offside that! Go on, I dare you!
painfully close to a 2nd
First CL final at 22. Not bad
Imagine thinking well make Europa.
Need another goal ideally
X files theme intensifies.
oh yes, take the "creative" player off
Are you that thick to comprehend the fact that popular and successful clubs attract more people? Why does it have to be a struggle?
What the fuck is this new mobile layout? Its so ugly jesus
Interesting.>By appropriating the Red Bull loan into the capital reserve, the equity ratio increased from 4% to 44%.I didn't realise they only owned 4% of the club before.
He has been much better than Pogba for the entirety of this season.Not sure if Pogba even gets in ahead of Fred who had a decent half season atleast.
>But it is normal, happens all the time and it probably has happened in Liverpool's **locker** at some point.Not on the pitch >And Rashford is a team leaderDoesn't mean he has to undermine the authority of the club's captain in public.
we are not that rare :D well maybe on reddit.but we got decent chances of getting promoted to 2nd division again. its pretty close atm, but we're on a good run. standings we'll still play the derby against bayern2 15.5. and ingolstadt the last matchday 22.5. which will probably be the decisive match, if you're interested.
Its what makes football the best sport on the planet. Because the margins between win-draw-lose are so tight it means the game state can change at any moment. In other sports if one team plays really well for 90 theyll probably be too far ahead for a last minute comeback. Last minute results only really happen when both teams perform to the same level. In football a team could dominate for 90, have loads of shots on target, and then lose 2-1 to a last minute Benteke volley. Its the ability for the game to change in a single moment which makes it so exciting
subscribe for more Lys Mousset facts
Bruh why does the nbc commentator start talking about old players dying as soon as it cuts to Kenny
Liverpool giving Ox that contract extension during that long injury was probably a mistake
a long term effect of covid is fatigue. maybe he can regain it later in the/next season
Its mostly corporate at top levels.>Quite a few chairman's, managers, players do it because they love it and the club.At grassroots level and below first divisions this is true. Any example for at the top level?
Its still rough, no need to use it, but whatever I guess
UTDs #21 or Liverpools #20Which will come first?DISCUSS
How do we not score there....
agreed. not sure if Zidane was stuck between wanting Ramos in the team and not trusting him to cover the ground needed in a back 4 or something.
Who cares it's Fulham
We did, twice.
Horrendous decision
So what, maybe Auba deserved it ;
We are hit or miss when it comes to buying players but we are complete bandits on the selling market
More of a personal grudge. The scousers made me cry in the 1992 FA Cup semi-final so I enjoy every misfortune they go through, especially when it's inflicted by anyone associated with Pompey
Pep hasn't been to a champions league final in a decade whilst managing the most stacked teams in Europe. Not in a "tier of his own" at all.
Where was this Chelsea against United?????
Chilwell is a non entity. Get the killer in.
I used to play with one at my nan and grandads house back in the nineties lol
Second divisions are always very stressful when your team plays in that division (well, unless you really have the raw power to crush it, like Juve 2006-07 or Monaco 2012-13). I read some Nantes fans wishing they go to Ligue 2 so the club gets a new start without Kita, but it's really hard to go back in the first division after a relegation, especially if you spent 5+ seasons in first division. Your best players leave, you lose a lot of money and you have to readapt yourself to a new league.
But non plastics can? A scouser Liverpool fan can talk shit about La Liga all he wants, but a Congolese Bayern fan better watch his words talking about Ligue 1?
Thats some bullshit
TAA leaving miles of space on his flank. Almost completely undefended.
Christian Pulisic comes on 67' Great Substitution
When will Chelsea fans admit Werner is terrible?
Fuck offfff
lol Barca fan has balls to talk about wasting money
Give it back to Everton
the core remains the same, it doesn't set you 2 years back, saying that is daft.>We've had injuries too, so I'm not buying that excuse.which one of Bruno, Rashford, Maguire, AWB and Shaw have spent the whole season out? I don't need for you to buy it, it's a plain fact the only reason you're in second is because those two sides are ravaged by injuries.
Can there be a Liverpool game on sky sports without mentioning how long Milner has been playing for? We get it hes old.
You can ask him yourself. Mods got AMA with Michael Cox coming up I believe
I'd say 5th or 6th
That was my exact reaction as well. This is way fucking beyond ridiculous now.
It's a really close game, fun to watch and very open/end to end
Would be an amazing gesture if theyd also rainbow up the Telekom logo.
If its his usual lingo , why should he change it for you?
Good one...
I would say that's exactly along the lines of what I've put.
Normal to see getting a ball is a yellow against Madrid. Also some offside goals after for the Lols.
Salah is too wasteful. I know he scores a lot but damn
Can't disagree, don't have any idea what's going on with the squad rn either
He started the final
Is Toni Kroos the best German midfielder since Matthaus? A claim can certainly be made as hes one of the most accurate passers of this generation, and hes been a winner everywhere hes gone. Its time to start considering this man among other legends, he deserves it.
I LOVE VAR
Umtiti with the Ferrari.
Everyone shut up, the Snoop Dogg just eat advert is on
God that is so harsh. These refs r so bad at their jobs lol
Mounts a baller!
Literally don't.Literally want the referees to award actual fouls as penalties.
I mean interesting doesn't mean lots of goals. VAR makes it interesting.
What on Earth is the handball rule anymore.
Henderson, Fabinho, Wijnaldum, Thiago, Keita, Milner, Ox .....  Jones.    I'm not sayin he's a bad player, am saying he's the 7th choice midfielder for Liverpool AND he's absolutely not playing because he's improved, he's playing because there's no one else.
How is that not a pen, but that Fulham goal earlier gets called off? Lol
That makes this CB pairing number 21?
12 wins and 3 draws in the league in 2021, second only to Man City. Koemantada.
no one said he is 
We won the last one
Decision is spot on, just a shite rule.
As it stands Dias, Cancelo, Bruno, Kane or Grealish.
Fat Franks Chelsea is underrated and Tuchel's is overrated. Fat Frank had plenty of dominant performances and his teams underlying numbers were always alright, just let down a lot by ridiculous mistakes and shit finishing.Tuchel hasn't been as revolutionary as some think.
If it was Luiz of that season, he was sensational so yes. Current Luiz, not so sure, he had gone downhill already while at Chelsea, let alone since.
Exactly, if that kind of shit triggers you idk what to say hahaha
I guess it does take away one debate. Handball is handball. Leaving it up in the air really doesn't help either.
RB I would be fine with it not that they would buy Premier League club way too expensive and therefore not a worthwhile investment.Arabs no chance. Pretty much guaranteed to be Homophobic and Anti Semitic (literally the polar opposite to Tony Bloom) which would alienate a significant portion our fan base. I mean it's pretty unluckily Bloom would sell anyway and certainly not to someone like that and Brighton would hardly be the most attractive purchase for an Muslim owner.
>Fat Franks Chelsea is underrated and Tuchel's is overrated.It's the same damn Chelsea made of the same players. Frank's philosophies are clearly still there in the team and Tuchel can't magically turn them into a different beast in a span of two months. No manager can.Tuchel hasn't even begun to instill his own philosophy yet, as of now he's refining Lamp's and trying to stabilize the team by getting results. Tuchel's usage of 3 atb is because of this. Ideally he'd play 4-3-3 or 4-2-3-1. The Chelsea I see these days is nothing like Tuchel's Dortmund. Even in PSG he had to sacrifice his philosophy to an extent to get the best out of superstars like Neymar and Mbappe.Tuchel is 5x the manager Lampard ever was and you have to be more patient before judging him.
this is just how he acts online. he plays up the "always literal no joke German" persona. people thinking he's mad or was being disrespectful to chelsea are just stupid. i doubt he really cares at all outside of being a little upset that we lost the tie.
Would Dortmund supporters (in Germany) take beating Bayern and finishing top 4 if it meant RB winning the Bundesliga this season?Not that you can't get beat by Bayern and still finish top 4 but a win on Saturday certainly opens the door for RB.
GIMME DAT VAR BABY
Arsenal tripled Partey's salary, I don't think he minds that much
Congratulations.
TAA has been in the first team ever since Clyne got injured and couldn't play against City in the CL. Clyne couldn't displace TAA after he came back from injury. But yes in terms of seniority there are multiple players in Liverpool that outrank TAA
wait what the fuck just happened?
No, Klopp and Farke. Klopp and Wagner.
I'm seeing more of these comments moaning than the actual delusion.
Mbappe and neymar
That's not true. He only dropped acid in college.
Where does the tradition of songs like Sweet Caroline or You'll Never Walk Alone come from? Why singing some soft rock or pop melodies at a football game?And it's not just football, in boxing too.
i like it but the 3 will always look bad. bring back samsung
But Kante can't pass the ball.....
the members of Queerpass Bayern won't like this
VAR ref is a nonce
thank you ahmad
There was an American on here a couple of days ago saying he felt dirty for supporting City, just so United wouldn't win the league. Like whydo you care? You have no legitimate reason to hate both City and United.
Because they don't actually know the rules
VAR mate
Thats good banter subtle but with a sting
and Cancelo, and foden
There's also Shaqueem Griffin who managed to get drafted into the NFL despite having an amputation as a child due to amniotic band syndrome. Pretty impressive to see how well he compensates for only having one hand to tackle.
Over kcm? 
He's having the time of his life, probably pinches himself each morning over him and his mates getting to run Manchester United.
Remember the one where we beat you 3-0 I think the first game you had the 3 at the back with Rodgers? Sterling 4 shots saved then finally rounds the keeper and doesn't score. Mata offside goal. Balotelli loads of shots saved. Genuinely can't think of another 3-0 where the winning side got outplayed so thoroughly.
Just sounds different
When a club doesnt have the money at the time of loaning but theyll have it in a year or two, they loan with an obligationOr FFP reasons
With their current teams Klopp but I think Mourinho is a better manager overall.
If anyone expected Werner to actually score there they need an asylum
People who watch it on the TV or on stream; which minute are you on?
I don't recall that match
The viewer.
Pressing football ala Rangnick at Schalke, youth focus, conservative spending (in comparison to top clubs), heavy scouting.
Honestly have no fucking idea if its supposed to be a pen or not at this point
Wow Mason Mount what a run and finish
does he? he says stuff like "kounde is better than varane" and other shit takes, when talking about madrid he's very obviously shitting.
People's fetish for wanting players to dive under the slightest bit of contact just to win a penalty will always be awful to me. Literally want to turn the sport into netball.
Different play styles back then allowed for different types of players.Iirc he was a classic poacher, (unfortunately) very similar to RvN.Unsure if that player style currently exists, like Klose he didn't exactly participate much in the game, but always stood at the right place and had a perfect goal instinct.
Ahhaah that shit wasnt offside, this refs are fuking trash, just show US the lines
Fake news
lmao poor form by me
It's a shit rule, full stop. It basically says that if there's a game scoring opportunity directly resulting from contact with the arm, it's a free kick to the opposing team, despite the fact that if he were a defender it wouldn't be a foul. Utter bullshit, and I'm a Spurs fan.
To be fair, I dont really know where theyve got the underlying data and how the format it and how they model it. I just think that surely there is far more uncertainty in the expected values than things like card games
Captain America has grown quite the beard
And only Bravo was signed to be a starter
HAHAHAHAHAHA COMEDY
Tifo football is a good channel
Apologies, I can't tell the difference
Just noticed that the Liverpool badge on the seats in the stand opposite is completely off centre and it's pissed me off.
Kovac and Rose are up there
Handball has always been a grey area, of course it needed to be cleared up. Why can't you ask for that and also see that a goal like this being disallowed is bullshit?
SouthamptonPPG - 0.438 game pace - 15.2
Rakitic is a r/soccer troll apparently
Remember the FA did that thing where they wanted people to show support for refs? I would rather support a direct rival than ever show support for a ref.
CL attracts quality players to both join and stay in the club as wellBut yes otherwise money, as Arsenal will get battered in the group stages itself at this rate
There has been a drastic decrease in the amout of 'pure dribbling' goals such as Hazard's goal against West Ham and other similar goals. I miss them a lot
Kammy well and truly ruined his name to a lot of us haha
Sergi Roberto literally becomes God in clasicos
Firmino is a weird player. With how awful his finishing has been, youd think his confidence would be at an all time low, but his passing and dribbling is just as good if not better than in the 17/18 season. With Jota back, Firmino could make a great number 10 so I hope Klopp will experiment with a 4-2-3-1 formation with Fabinho and Thiago/Wijnaldum in a double pivot.
Maradonas reverence isnt down solely to the WC win- there is a lot of political sentiment that accompanies his victories, not only with Argentina and the Falklands, the dictatorship, etc but also in Italy and his exploits with Napoli who were seen as lower class (of course many Argentines have southern Italian roots)
The laws of the game are different from the interpretation of those laws. The laws are clear. The interpretation has changed twice this season already.
Lmao what a goal
Looking at what's feasible and currently availableCroke Park (Dublin)Lansdowne Road (Dublin)Hampden (Glasgow)Murrayfield (Edinburgh)Millennium Stadium (Cardiff)Wembley (London)Olympic Stadium (London)Old Trafford (Manchester)St James Park (Newcastle)Villa Park (Brimingham) Everton's new stadium (Liverpool)Don't know about the 12th one. Obviously a few of them will need revamping and you could include another 2 or 3 from London
Tbf given reece barely moved you cant blame him for not seeing it
koeman has a small sample size, that's basically it.Under valverde you almost went unbeaten and were tactically always sound, give it a few more months and see opinions change.
Haha. That's the way it is.
If nothing else, I won't forgive VAR for giving people a legitimate excuse to say "games gone". Really says a lot about the society
I meant VAR as in the system and not in the literal sense of the referee behind the screen. I wouldn't even blame referees that are assigned to it, you will never get a referee that doesn't make a mistake, we should rather call for some accountability and transparency rather than finding who to blame.
This Mount is kinda decent innit
I loved that Italy team, but then again my family is from there. I remember them being stacked top to bottom and having very likeable players like Buffon, Toni, Totti, Gattuso, Pirlo, Grosso and Matterazzi (controversial one lol, but he is a Boca fan).
Should be a card for Kovacic
I used to be a mod there but stepped down more than a year ago Theres not much overlap between club subreddit mods and /r/soccer mods. Think theres only one or two
I think that was a pen, but there are different rules for attackers and defenders right now.
Never a handball. Stupid rule. Is it the rule or the interpretation here? I genuinely have no idea anymore.
Can guaruntee if that was a Liverpool goal Tyler would be going ballistic
Only Shaw gets in
Looks like double amputees are the new defensive meta.
A highline against Werner is not a good idea. If Van Dijk was back would only be a safe idea to do that
I'm no expert either, lol. Everything I'm spouting is based on an average performance in a college level statistics course and self learnt data analysis. But yeah, they do probably have techniques to "even those out" so to speak.
You didnt watch the game before iwobi is full of them
Kroos was asked a generic question. He gave his generic I don't feel pressure, it's just another game of football answer. Kroos couldn't take a penalty against Chelsea in 2012 final. He has spoken about how that affected him and how he never lets anything get to his head since. This is the context on Kroos. Mount misinterpreted it probably read the quote in isolation and his response was clearly childish and unnecessary.
Maybe Jota will save us
A classic Knuckle puck shot from 40 yards Mighty ducks style
The teams below you either have been managed by frauds or have mountains of injuries.
luck is you not being banned
Its not clear though is it. From the laws:> after the ball has touched their or a team-mates hand/arm, even if accidental, immediately:>-scores in the opponents goal>-creates a goal-scoring opportunityNow the issue is the word immediately. Does that mean the very next touch? Or the very next player to take possession? What if a penalty is earned from the resulting hand ball. You dont need to be in a position of goal scoring opportunity to earn a penalty. Goal scoring opportunity is subjective as evidenced from the ludicrous interpretation of red cards this year, so why wouldnt it be treated with the same level of subjectivity in this law?Fact is, if Maja had been immediately fouled when he received the ball off his team mates hand, a red card wouldnt have been given because it wasnt denial of a clear goal scoring opportunity. Yet it has been treated as such to deny the goal. Its laughable that people are pretending this is somehow cut and dry.
That's what teams with name starting with L do
Christ do people even attempt to engage their brains or do they just see 0-0s and think they're all exactly the same? I suppose this is what happens when you spend most of a match moaning on a match thread or social media about how bored you are instead of watching the game. Which is fine, you're allowed to he bored and uninterested but probably best not to pretend you actually know what happened in the game if you couldn't bring yourself to watch it.
Being in control doesnt win you the game. Especially in the premier league, especially for Liverpool this season. I might be wrong of course but it just feels like its a Chelsea game.
Hes also a great player. In order to be one of the greatest, its obvious you need to be more ambitious and motivated.
Haha that was an autocorrect
Ok I stand corrected
I think replacing Kepa made him look better than he is. An average goalkeeper is going to look amazing next to a goalkeeper who has been costing the team games. Still, I think the pool of top quality goalkeepers is pretty small, so any improvement wouldn't come cheap or be readily available.
>Tuchel is 5x the manager Lampard ever was and you have to be more patient before judging him.This goes for the people wanking off Tuchel's current Chelsea compared to Franks, the main target of my post.
I think you are misunderstanding, I'm only wanting a big crunching tackle on someone who's being a prick i'm not saying really hurt him. I think fascism and advocating for actual violence in politics is disgusting from all perspectives and I obviously don't support Fabinho and Allison supporting Bolsonaro, although I won't pretend I know as much about Bolsonaro and what he stands for as I do about US politics so i'm sure that contributes to my opinion.
first final?! Chelsea have won it before too
MAGAdona is on
only in the champions league imo
Yeah because we made the decisions at the wrong time. If Wenger left in 2014 with arsenal still a top 4 side and having good players like Ozil and a future we could have got a good manager.
Ive seen those penalties given tbh
If I was Scott Parker I'd legitimately consider walking off the pitch. That is beyond terrible. It is a literal robbery...
Did I miss something?
Liverpool have to be on the top 10 every fucker has to play CB at some point
They look jaded, mentally and physically.
My grandfather likes watching them. Burnley ball makes sense to him.
I don't agree with it, but it's the rules. There are separate rules for attackers and defenders.
>He also proved himself in CLSo did mourinho
That's one of the worst calls!! His arm at his side it would have hit his hip and gone to Maja anyways!
I rate Klopp slightly better
When xG almost always evens out at the end of a season (the exception being very good and bad finishers), you should be able to recognise that theres something more to it.
Baffling that isnt a handball, yet they checked the one for the Fulham game. What a joke
The football gods owe Dortmund a away win in Munich at some point, the club has suffered enough.
Chelsea already had Mount, CHO and Pulisic. Why would you spend 200m for attackers on the same positions?
Think that was the one where Brad Jones dived the wrong way for two of your goals
Kovacic out here competing with Robertson to be the bigger cunt
MOTM performance so far from Thiago. Im counting 34 stand and points, 19 thumbs up and 4 idea balls.
Offside;
By the rules it is a foul but the rules are fucked
I don't run around with my arms practically over my shoulders.
This was 100x more a handball than the Fulham one though. I don't think either *should* be given, but it's ridiculous how inconsistent they are.
Its largely to show that weve shown improvement since we played a 10 which is what fans wanted for ages. I dont really get the issue with being happy your team is doing better tbh.
Already gave my thoughts there.
Yeah this one drives me mad and hear it all the time on our sub. "They need to coach attacking movement more", "They need to coach Maguire to stay cool on the ball" "Fred needs to be coached on his simple 5 yard passes" - "Our coaches are shit. Ole out."
I think it's both but more sincere than anything. Mount should take that as a compliment and respond in a sincere way as well.
The Law of Large Numbers is why we know xG is an objectively accurate measure of data.Its the same reason casinos always operate on profit levels despite over and underperforming game-by-game.When many events are summed, goals approaches xG for most teams and playersand those who deviate are used to alter the calculation and are assessed individually as good or bad finishers.
Someone gonna tell him?
How's ur double standard doing mate?
After watching the bit in *Thunderball* where ~~Bond~~ the Bond girl dispatches a baddie with a harpoon gun, I concluded that movie deaths were filmed by casting people who were on death row and actually killing them on camera.
there are enough determined and professional players that arent arrogant narcissists and push themselves a lot still. in that sense, yes you could say, if c ronaldo had a shit personality (for football) then he might end up as a quaresma or slightly better quaresma type player. but its not his arrogance per se that made him who he is, work ethic is more or less a seperate thing. nasri was arrogant aswell, but he didnt develop the other parts of his personality, unlike cr7.
Yes iirc
honestly it's all about whose gonna bottle the least. Leicester's injuries could see them start to drop points everywhere, with the next 5 teams only separated by 4 points.
Liverpool have never lost 5 in a row at home.. do it chelsea
This game is the reason Vidal had it out for Madrid even before joining Barca.Casemiro does these things routinely but he always escapes with 1 yellow max. Must be really sweet with the referees lol.
A perfect strawman. Nobody would call them that because they can make top 6.
I don't think Mount's comments were disrespectful or that he's a disrespectful guy in general. He swapped his jersey with Modric like you said and I've also read somewhere that he used to analyse Modric's games a lot. Seems like a nice guy and it was just the adrenaline.
A team that has spent as much as you have on transfers shouldn't be THAT far behind. Garbage.
Rodrigo de PaulWilfried ZahaJack GrealishAndrea BelottiI know this is not midtable but Andre Onana (eventually) should play in a top league.
Mane lol
Toter Schinken Heie Spuren
the great ian st john
That xG philosophy account is the most annoying thing on this sub. I'm convinced that guy could just fill in 2 random numbers and the xG nerds in the comments would still wank themselves silly over how accurate it is.
Messi in Shambles
Salah?
Hazard and Salah as wing-backs? They can't play in that position.
so has Fabinho.. He's been grabbing Werner all game.
Cool to see that the average user knows whats going on in Kroos head
My interest in this game is gone after that decision. Every single referee in the premier League should be fucking sacked.
Give him the goal, that is stupid.
I will use that from now on.
That doesn't even take into account the disallowed goal either. Good stuff.
Catchy melodies are fun to sing. Don't think it's deeper than that.
So so depressing...
Arsenal fans in this sub and their refereeing conspiracies
Anyone who thinks that is an idiot
Sponsorships mainly need the CL thing and the board only care about getting the money
nobody else to fill the cb role
Twitter is only as bad as you want it to be. If you follow people you like and respect, its actually great to find a community based around similar interests. If all you do on Twitter is read replies to celebrities then of course itll be a cesspool.
What a cheeky response lol
I think Iniesta has won more than Ramos. 4 CL + WC + 2 EC as well, but Iniesta has won La Liga 9 times ! where Ramos has 5, and Copa del Rey 6 times vs. 2. Plus European Player of the Year. The amount of stuff that Iniesta has won is pretty insane.
Time for Tuchel to demonstrate his "clearly improved" Chelsea team.
Yes, he lost yesterday.
Wow that's harsh as fuck really bs
It wouldn't be penalty as its a different rule. Its a hand used in the build up to a goal.
What happened to Tammy Abraham? Am I just watching all the games hes not playing? Feels like hes fallen off the face of the earth.
Klopp overthinking things here. Has been a disaster from the beginning.
It's Pele
> Might be his blonde hair and blue eyes.Mate, you're an idiot.
Unfortunately for Ireland, the bid doesn't hinge on them. If they say no to 1 stadium what's the alternative? No matches in Ireland at all? That'd be beyond stupid. Theres literally no reason to say no
well in Curtis lad hahaha
Vazquez earned my respect the moment he stepped up to take the first pen in 2016, spinning the ball in his hand and slotting the ball coolly was an act of extreme badassery.
VAR is retarted
For what it's worth, I don't claim to be German or have Borussen values or "Borussen at heart". BVB doesn't represent me as a person but I still love it to death. Always have, always will. If you have a problem with people claiming to be "Scouse at heart", then stop extending it to every foreign fan and assuming that everyone does that shit.
which is it then - i cant be arsed to watch their games as they're boring as fuck whenever i zapped in.
Akinfeev, Lloris, Asenjo and Adler
LenoEvenGabrielParteySakaAuba
Not at all, I'd say if pogba signs a new deal then we're only 2/3 players away.
His own stand for him.
So this is handball? When his hand is literally right up to his body? Where if he didn't have his arm there it would've hit his rib? But the handball from Hudson-Odoi when he used his hand to take the ball with him, in shoulder height, it was a completely natural placement of his hand?What a load of bullshit this fucking game is
How is that not a card? After the whistle and clearly aiming at his head lol
You seem far too upset of the use of the word "plastic" to start questioning other people's maturity lmao.There absolutely are plenty of rational plastics. But, as I said to you initially, the term plastic means your bond to your club wasn't grown organically.
And Mane's the one that's supposed to score the goals, remember?
It was funny when Everton played Salford in the cup and he referred to them as "we".
Klopp currently in his "mad subs, league is over, who gives a fuck" period. He really is Neil Lennon.
Man, you really are insecure, aren't you?
Would be for the right price. A goal scoring RW would be perfect, but no way are we paying Hazard money for him. Maybe 50-60 million or something, so it's practically unrealistic. Benzema is still good for at least 2 more years, so a CF is not that urgent.
Gotcha. I'm new here
Slang =/= expressions And in this case, literally everyone knows the word snitch and it would have been much easier and better just to use it.
Pulisic politics jokes = very unfunny
Thats exactly why he said whether hes good enough for the PL as in whether he can adapt well in the English game or not. Some players do well and some couldnt make their mark.
damn that would be funny
As if Ronaldo was faster than Mbappe
Griezmann is that you??
The CL handball was far less. Mane intentionally played the ball into Sissoko's arm. It was the absolute definition of ball to hand. The law needs to be rewritten.
Got a pie thrown at me Sunderland a few years ago. By a United fan though, weirdly enough
i have seen some dire liverpool sides and somehow THIS team is about to set the record for ineptitude at Anfield
for good strikers thats usually how it works. Law of averages
Trust The Process
abysmal
Yeah, it needs some nuance like having your arm in a natural position or something because this is just absurd. Arm in a natural position. Doesnt move the arm to gain any advantage. Absolutely no time to react. But because hes a striker and it was a goal its a handball? When in literally no other instance it would be? Fucking ridiculous
For me:LenoShawGabrielPogbaSakaAubameyangNeither
Yeah and especially for not taking him off.
Another half like that please, no switching off as it's not even close to done.
The game stop fiasco is a major exception, and it only worked because people were promised free money. Even then, it could have amounted to much more, but because it was Reddit fueled, it was cut short
Exploited??? Nobodys exploiting anyone. These players were raised by the clubs. The very least they could give back to the clubs while leaving is some transfer money.
Arsenal and Crystal Palace, a fitting partnership.
I think your bad logic did.
Premier League is a fucking joke  if he scored with the part that was used for the offside it would have been given as handball
LMAO how is that off. The refs in this league are a joke
There was a time when Arsenal and Chelsea looked like in a race who will fire Arteta/ Lampard first.Chelsea did what they always do, got Tuchel and look at them now. UCL final while Arsenal is what they are now, no real Improvement since Christmas...
Great play by Chelsea! Lovely move
American sharpshooter on, let's go.
Which final 3rd?
I confused them with mountains...
Bissouma and Lamptey, though Brighton aren't midtable. They're more than good enough for a club such as Leicester or Spurs.
Would have sold that like Shawn Michaels if that was me
Impressive from Jones
By being salty? Some people and their mental gymnastics. Mount responded in the perfect way, in the post match pressers after a win. Kroos getting itchy twitter fingers lol. If that helps him sleep at night then ok lol.
It's not about being owned by billionaires. It's about one club bending the rules beyond recognition. It's the same reason that a lot of football fans don't like City.
allegedly
I predict there may or may not be goals
I am a Utd fan, what do you want to know?
Send the mods a photo of you at your teams stadium
Havent seen Chelsea shithousing for a while now
The theoretical value of Chelsea's squad has plummeted over the last 6 months. Pulisic, Havertz, Werner, Ziyech...
Id be okay with Levy paying them to take him back
Maybe it's because I'm from a different culture than Toni but "still sleep okay" and enjoy your first CL final strikes me as both defensive and mildly condescending.With both in a single tweet he does feel kind of petty. Toni has achieved so much and has the seniority so kind of disappointing. Of course it could just be bantz but why be so passive agressive about it?
it fucks over everyone so no
where else is he supposed to keep his arm??
I'm mostly neutral tbh
It really is, even the bayern sub had a huge influx of new fansJust something you can't do anything about it
I'd argue that football players often take a bit longer to mature
Brighton really need to start putting away their chances.
we are rubbish, not looking forward to the 2nd half
fabinho 
Those chatrooms are just the n word being spammed throughout the match.
mental
That's the thing, it didn't smack me in the face I had to reread it a few times. Clearly I'm not smarter than everyone else.
I'm sure he lost a little sleep....
He *did* go a full year without playing football mate
Obviously.
Plastic is more in reference to fake i.e fake fans lmao imagine labeling people and being all high and mighty about fucking supporting a football club while completely misusing the label
Ye, can't wait for even more *DER KLASSIKER* advertising bombardment.
Yeah he just took what he said and made it sound different haha
> And La Liga may also be yours this season.I don't think Atletico will choke.
Its not like u/YoungDan23 spent it
Id rather not have it and focus on the league
Whered you get 5 points out of?
He has better numbers than most wingers on the league, so they all must be also not that good
Hasn't the rule always been if your arm is tucked into your body it becomes part of it. His hand is literally against his side and within his silhouette. It isn't a hand ball at the point right?
I don't think so, he helped them win 3 Champions League in a row. That's not enough reason to be mad at him
Yeah that's what I meant. Even Bangalore has a decent following
What? Do you really think people just look at the headline and make knee jerk comments? /s
Im not saying he was more popular, Im just saying it werent just CR7 that made the PL super popular.
No but this is reddit
Oh I agree with you that it wont change, I dont expect it to. I feel that a European super league is probably inevitable as well.   Its more just me expressing my frustration with the game. Ive been watching football a similar amount of time and all thats happened is the differences have got more extreme.
I imagine that even at the worst case scenario there are positives
Holy shit you killed him.
That is utterly stupid. I'm happy about the decision of course, but the game is getting ruined with this shit.
Thats fucking moronic, Im sorry but these decisions get worse very week, that referee needs sacking
Can't even cut it in Turkey yet his groupies kept banging on how Arsenal kept him out of the squad for "political reasons"Embarrassing.
Stupid rule, for this exact reason.
You tell me why. Fact is that you do, and you keep on commenting on it
Respect big sam?
HOLY FUCK
And he wasn't crying either 
Van Basten and Platini for the 80s too.
Has fear in is art
i think he means lewis baker
Well then.
Why do Portuguese coaches (or just coaches in Liga Nos) wear the team armband? (Similar to the captains armband)
Was the first time they qualified for the world cup since 1950. On top of that a super young team that laid the groundwork for any success the USMNT has had since then. Bit harsh
Good morning to teams that are undefeated against Manchester United this season
We just suck now this is sad
wowwwwww I hate allowing a goal to Fulham but thats a terrible call
zidane-pep duo would be nice
cheer geoff
You know what? It's so hard to win at Anfield that even Liv... *slaps phone out of hand*
Why would I want other people to know that I am online for the large parts of the day because I am bored?
He might have deleted his comment but the username will forever live in your comment.
Basically regressing to the first notions of football hahah, making the rule that hands couldn't be used was a contentious issue wayyyy back when, if I recall correctly.
2 goals from 45 shots are Brighton numbers.
What the absolute fuck? What in the fuck is Lemina supposed to do
Wrong thread
Sports are kinda dead without fans anyway
What? Like people just forgot what he looked like?
Its not VAR thats the problem. Its the fucking ugly clowns operating it. Rules need changing, refs need changing, VAR doesnt.
what will Klopp's excuse be this time?grass too short?
Hopefully his cult will hear this
Yep. All the referees are basing their decisions off the Chelsea website. Its all a massive conspiracy
Absolutely agree... Is such a snoosefest without the fans. I dont really watch football anymore, i just watch to see my team win.
Cross-come-shot.
Imagine waiting 30 years for a title and you defend it like this.Christ alive, the fans didn't even get to celebrate with a parade lmao.
Please save us Jota
Hm I dont wanna be that guy but its a little too late, and one statement from the technical director isnt enough.
I don't know, there's something about Doherty that I really like5
well, thats a bit different. Those are players that have previously played for him.
He lacks the demand to win. The players like him because he treats them like mates. This mediocrity has been repackaged as progress by most of our fanbase.
VAR controversy completely overshadowing how poor Liverpool have been
Nu poti sa stai ca boierul cu arma lipita de corp asa Adi. Trebuie sa o ai ca la baschet, cum a avut-o ala de la Udinese.
Cant wait to hear the German big Sams excuses after the game
Klopp peaked with Liverpool last year, he should now manage Bayern or some other big name club
Fan subreddits are shit. The united one included. One trophy and the team is greatest of all time, a run of bad games and the stadium should be demolished.
That would be a mad stat for a lot of sides let alone Liverpool.
He'd get in the squad but I thought we were talking about starting XI. Both him and Kevin are high risk high reward players and Pep who likes a possession game will not take two guys of the same style. He'll not make it over Gundogan who likes to keep and pass the ball, who's been playing the Silva role.Bruno's best shot would be false 9 but then again, in an ideal lineup, Aguero starts.
I never said he is the first thing they need to get rid of did i? His first season was good but i dont think he is what Chelsea needs and with the players they got its not that hard to figure out either.
relax it will probably be a close game tbh. we arent exactly amazing
Understood, thanks for being patient and thoroughly making your point clear
Cule doesnt sound like what fans will call themselves. It sounds like what rival fans will use to insult you.
Never a pen, just kicked it straight at his hand
As a Chelsea fan who thinks Liverpool is one of the classiest teams in the league, this fixture is one of my favorites because i know it's gonna be about playing great football. Why do refs have to ruin that? Altering the momentum of the game and fucking with players' heads? It's disgusting. These players and coaches are artists, for the love of all that is holy just let them do their thing.
One is as a result of consistently applied rules, no matter how stupid, and the other is a display of obvious inconsistency.
Surely people didnt think Pep Guardiola was actually dancing to dua lipa hahaha
Carragher would agree to Salah drop kicking someone and following it up with a 6:19 Rey Mysterio style.If it benefits Liverpool don't expect carragher to be impartial
>Let's not pretend this place doesn't boil it down to foreign = plastic in many cases.Not even slightly."plastic" = not natural, man made etc.It's to do with people that just decide that they support a club. Obviously most people that support a club from a country foreign to their country of residence will be plastic because it's just about impossible to create and maintain that organic love for a club.
Kabak has to be the worst signing in Europe this season.
How come Cengiz Under and Ozan Kabak have their full names on the back of their shirts but Caglar Soyuncu just has Soyuncu?One of the greatest mysteries of our time.
Okay but even if he is I felt your response was a bit unnecessarily aggressive.
I heard some team from London is playing Liverpool
Plenty of other managers would get sacked for the run Arsenal went on but that's because of a bad culture around sacking managers, not because it's the right thing to do. Over the last 2-3 months, they have been one of the best teams in the league, which surely vindicates the position not to sack him in the short term. Long term, we'll have to wait and see. He's already won them a major trophy so it's hardly been an unsuccessful tenure so far.
The way our final balls look this year its like as if were buffering
His Approach to big or half decent games this season is a clear lack of ambition. He simply doesnt care about winning. You think a manager who wants to achieve great things with United will be so devoid of balls to even try to win?
They are just joking with us at this point with all these offside
Tammy Abraham would skilfully lob that one into the net. Watch his goal vs Watford and Southampton for example
Hes equal to Maradona for me and above Cruijff(my favourite footballer).
Difference between being an ass and saying lol why? When someone is referencing a top 5 league in this sub and having a opinion. Plus its sad if youre literally not from a bigger league but are shit talking people who would like to have a discussion. If you cant differentiate between opinions and obvious shit talking I feel sorry for you.
Start him at CB next game.
Clearly the rules for penalties and VAR and offsides varies from game to game and none of the refs, players, or fans know how to interpret them consistently so I'm just going to start agreeing with the rulings when it goes in our favor and disagreeing with them when they go against us, get back to the proper roots of the game
holy shit someone shoot lol
No wonder Salah is fuming, Firmino and Man have been even worse.
Not enough tash
Gorgeous ball by Kante
Thing is, people who dislike globalisation won't care what kind of players they see in the league. They don't support their teams because those teams can attract the best players.
It was the right cal, the rules shit but thats the rule, it was offside lad
Iniesta?
When was the last time Liverpool lost 5 in a row at Anfield? 2000 BC?
I mean this shit is
That is the definition of ball to arm, incidental contact. In that close, arm tucked in, how can that ever be called as intentional or an attempt to play the ball?
60s-Pele70s-Cruijff80s-Maradona90s- Probably Baggio or R900s-Ronaldinho Late 00s-10s- MessiThese are the best players of respective era imo.
Thursdays Non PLDaily Discussion
He shit out of taking a penalty in the 2012 final so he hasnt always been ice cold
If we could just skip forward to August right about now, it would be highly appreciated.Life as a Wednesday fan is just pure pain.The last two games weve bottled a 2-0 lead to lose 3-2 and last night just lost 2-1 against 10 men.Can we just skip to the part where were starting next season in League 1 with a whole new squad of players please?
wtf, why did he tackle with his head like that
> LIVERPOOL HAVE A CORNERFuck me, he sounded way too excited about that.
It's offside what are you cunts complaining about?
If you call this a handball, then what do you call the Hudson Odoi incident last week? I don't know it's gonna stir up too much controversy...
He had a poor start and remember he had long covid
always feels like werners treated like an actual child on here. he misses 6 chances a game yet there'll always be hundreds of comments saying how unlucky he is and how involved in the game he isedit: I'm not talking about the offside goal, that was unlucky, more any other thread about him. more any thread when he actually manages to gets a goal or assist
Oh my god, that is pathetic.
bollocks doesnt he. he's got shit on from as equal a height as Bobby and Mo at times on the sub
Thats Even Worse than splitting millimeters. If it is a millimeter off, its offside. And it is that way for everyone, sucks to be on the receiving end, But its the only way to be 100% fair.
Thank you for the most obvious take of the day
anyone explain why even for simple touches from Liv players, NBC folks were saying fluidity and shit
The only triggered one is yourself. I've seen you crying on comments all over this thread. Enjoy your teams win before they get their ass handed to them by City
I think its just cause he looks like him
Whats up with teams spending high amounts on players because of their Potential Wolves spent 40 on fabio silva with one goal in the Primeira Liga, United spent 18 million (40 million with add-ons) on a player with a whopping total of 4 sera a games, Real madrid spent 45 million on Vinicius Jr when he only played 17 mins of first team football
Ffs Mount, hes right in front of you
as expected, another horrendous refereeing display in a pl game. when will it end?
Jan Koller
Mate they've both been shite but Jota is a better ST than Bobby
> endless treadmill of gamesMind clarifying this? This is an interesting point to me. If you're saying the same as I'm thinking; Games are starting to feel like they have no occasion anymore, just almost like there's no importance to what happens at all. Just a complicated training match.
We need to make a distinction between terrible call and terrible rule. The call is 100% correct given the rules. The rule is awful if it penalizes this.
Werner looking very sharp tonight
It was bullshit to be fair
The camera at craven cottage is so close to the pitch
He heard r/soccer was talking shit
The fact that NBC is saying nothing about the offside makes me want to turn this game off and not give them viewership.Is the UK coverage calling it out?
It's starting to get ridiculous moneyball games ! Always the same getting favored and the other teams are there just to get beaten fairly or not. That is why watching sport became so a life lesson to get rich before they see you having ambition to be other than the underdog.
Im 18, but I get your point haha.In general, there are far too many people who with a massive ego on here.
Absolute garbage rule. Yet again we decide to take a moment in life , and all of its context and uniqueness as is every moment, and relegate it to a hierarchical system of rules and logic then base the real thing off of that....There is a reason outfield players cant use their hands in football, we all know this. Its the sport. Cases like this have nothing to do with it. End of story , rule should be abolished.
Games gone. Sry its stupid
Tuchel 
I played at a very low level and was always absolute wank, but it's really common. As I said on my prior post, my best mate and I used to say shit like this to each other all the time. If he'd said anything seriously bad I might think deeper into it but "shut the fuck up you knob" is honestly not something that most people around Rashford and Maguire's age would typically get too worked up about.
Here comes Captain QAnon
Mane could have died wtf ?!?!???
Completely agree, I basically only watch Leeds games now, I used to watch every match I could before this season
tbf hes always been good as a CCB in a 3 back, cant play 4 back for his life
I believe the original intent was to remove the subjectivity from the ball to hand vs hand to ball debate
Dont be silly mate, we all know that every single Arabic person on earth is trying to buy football clubs as we speak /s
You can't even see the amount up votes a sticky comment gets unless you mod that subreddit
I think COVID will do more to curb the attendances more than any boycott
Entertaining match so far.
Penalty appeals are a coin flip this season
Its Bc everyone chooses to speak in English on Twitter when discussing epl so u get trolly dickheads from across the entire globe
Please
Foden probably had a shout too. Bruno maybe.
Ayyyyyy can we Garcia early now???? Araujo needs a partner
LOLLLLLL
A well reasoned, technically perfect, tactical tackle praised by all....or the opposite.
Thats kinda the point, saying a man is handsome doesnt make you gay.
Hey same here. Maybe we're bitter because we're not winning the title this season? I'd be curious to hear what City fans here feel, since I do not know any in real life. Are they enjoying themselves and wondering what the fuss is about?
Then I don't know why you'd need to also share it here.
Yeah, I was also watching a compilation of Gerrard the other day, and trying to think of anyone in the prem that scores bangers like him and closest I could think was de bruyne and Sigurdsson but not in the same volume. There is Messi but it does seem to be the same curler in the top left most often. Players are defo briefed on shooting outside as little as possible
Kovacic should see yellow. The fuck was that?
Yeah, something you just can't turn down really. Wouldn't surprise me with Arsenal spend a silly amount to get him.
VAR's fuckin class like"TiMo HaTeRs WhErE aRe YoU noW?"Hahahahahahahaha
Ok there Kroos' mum. You also know what he ate for dinner last night?
That Roy and Robbie Keane were brothers
The sponsor ruins it, and that chessboard on the bottom right looks very out of place. Otherwise, it's actually decent.
Vidal was always an absolute warrior but he made the dumbest mistakes. He was already playing on a yellow, had numerous questionable tackles and should have never committed to this the way he did.
Any logical chelsea fan has given up all hope this year for havertz honestlyWerner though is impacting games now more so than tammy or ziyech and short- term results matters now
He would more likely declare Argentina really.
How much do you mfs dream about football
Bellerin over awb is straight trolling. Elneny over Fred/ mctominay I can sorta see but I still pick Fred. Elneny is a very weird player, literally doesnt do anything good (expect back pass) but runs all game. Think to the 1-0 win over United, he ran that whole game and was still going in injury time when your midfield looked drained. Even though Id pick Fred but its closer than you think. Pepe over rashford is jokes ahahah. I mean a confident and direct player is probably better but that comes around every 10 games.
Man Firmino has really declined bad since 2018
I don't think it's close at all. Elnenys' best quality is that he runs all game and puts in a shift. I can agree with that. But that is literally Fred's best quality too, and he mastered it in the games against PSG and Leipzig, he was arguably MOTM in both of those because of his pressing and overall work.So we have these two guys who are workmen in the midfield. The difference is, Elneny averages 10.7 attempted pressures per 90, Fred averages 23.3 attempted pressures per 90. So despite the fact that this is their field, Fred is by far better. You then consider that Fred is also by far the better on ball player, quicker, better at actually getting the ball up the pitch etc. It's not closer than I think. There's a reason Fred up until about a month ago had shouts for being our best player of the season (with Bruno taken away) and there's a reason Elneny hasn't played a full 90 in the league in 2021. It's really not close. It's genuinely insulting to say it is. Fred has been in our top 3-5 players for about two years now.
How do you know lol? His first season was very very promising.
Overall, that'd be much better.... until United concede from it and I go ballistic
Wish they'd let them flag obvious offsides even if it's near goal.
English referees are the worst thing that happened to this sport
Loser??? Toni Kroos??? Lol
Ziyech has claimed the other CAM spot. Havertz joined a team with a stacked midfield, it is what it is.
This is the correct way to look at it. He is exactly doing what keeps him in the job. He is not ambitious, and he does not want to achieve anything. All he wants is stick around as the United manager for as long as he can.
He's made sub appearances from the 80th minute. Hardly a chance to do much. But he's always brought on some more energy with his directness.
Ok? r/lostredditors
?https://twitter.com/lauren12arsenal?lang=en
Ok? That wasn't OP's point.
Games totally gone
It was a discussion on a podcast not exactly a cry unlike the twitter responses to it
Nah we did.
nope i'd still be pissed, momentum went for a while after that, if that counted, i reckon they'd push on and bury liverpool no problem.Now it's just a slim 1-0 lead.
Who's the fastest Mbappe or Halland ?
Tbh hes very good at resisting opposition pressing him and can easily work the ball forward
It doesn't matter at all but it can be tiring to see r/soccer moaning about plastics at least once a day, as if every shit take is by a plastic and locals are immune to bad takes or being obnoxious.
I think you're off by a couple hundred million (maybe not tho idk) but yes of course he's spent a lot.
I was being sarcastic lad, VVD would obviously improve our defence but we need new formations or signings if we want to improve our attack.
Because they're ethnic Germans
Hes a cheat code on 21
I don't think it's fair though, because we should be penalising/discouraging actions through fouls. If a player literally cannot avoid a handball, it shouldn't be given as a foul if it leads to a goal but not given as a foul if it prevents a goal. You're penalising a player for doing nothing wrong in one scenario, but acknowledging they did nothing wrong in another.
Literally this game and last game he could have gone down easy for pens, but I don't want to ruin your narrative so....
What do you think is better in today's football - a team with 20 good field player that all contribute both offensively and defensively, or a team with 1-2 goat players that are amazing offensively but do not contribute much defensively?
How can anyone seriously think that's a penalty when he's literally about half a foot away from him?
Fred isn't good imo. I'd bin him if it was possible.
You cheated and you're still getting fuckedYour home form: L L L L L
Their identity revolves around hating Real Madrid, so much that some have started to like us for some reason like Pique. Leave them be and don't kink shame.
"My local club is too far away to support, so I chose one in an entirely different continent instead. It's not MY fault football is shit where I live."
Unbelievable. One of the worat decisions Ive ever seen
Money well spent on that big toilet then 
They're just making it up as they go now. Its beyond a joke
There is nobody alive who has seen you lose 5 in a row at home.
Ooh, TIL. Thanks.
Congratulations..?
So the Turkish Morata?
Making the rules up as they go along
He usually dives though lol
Its like its a completely different sub, some of the shit I see makes me actually laugh
So did all Spanish players for Barca and Real from that era
VAR is not worth it
That's onside you cant score with your fucking arm
who said you're in the big 6?
Yes, with Everton and West Ham doing better than expected and Spurs getting into form
That's over 2 per year!
For coach? Defo Klopp. Mourinho is an all time goat manager but I feel he is more a tactician than a good coach.
Soo insecure and full of double standards
Sper Lig has a similar title race but in Ligue 1 they actually play quality football.I heard Burak Ylmaz scored like 10 goals for you guys? I honestly cant understand how, hes so fucking shit for the NT. And isnt he 36 or smth? Insane
These are pretty good lmao.
Okay. The goal is not from his side.
I really enjoy following the Championship, but fuck me I'd never want to be in a league like that. The stress would age me about 10 years.
1-0 up at 78 minutes. Why is there a need to play risky play from the back and needlessly give away the ball in dangerous position. Just fking boot it away.
Nothing will ever be as bad as losing to Blackpool at home and our manager admitting we're in a relegation battle
Didn't taste it, but it was chicken and mushroom which is one of my favourites.
Absolutely stupid rule. Cost us the merseyside derby
Auto refreshing comments/
Where the fuck was this consistency when we didn't get a pen against Chelsea? Daylight robbery of FulhamEdit: You can't just have a completely different set of rules for handballs for attackers and defenders... Ludicrous
Meh. He's been injured for most part of the season. But when he has played he hasn't looked very comfortable...
Wouldn't you be a little afraid or at least wary of being perceived as something you're not?
Love how Sir Kenny and Sir Alex still attend football games during the pandemic in their age group, proper legends.
Mount has clearly taken that comment personally and reacted this way. Quite childish.
I have literally no feelings towards or against them to be honest, other than thinking it's kinda shitty to effectively have red bull in the name.
thiago made liverpool worse than sum of their parts
Anyone here have suggestions to learn about tactics in football in general?
They're misusing it because they don't understand it.
Since he got his covid. He was good during first three or four games before his covid.
Wolves can you buy Doherty back for 13 mil? Thanks
Gotta hand it to them, really brave effort from today's referees moving away from those old barbaric ways of sticking rules. Really following along with the 21st century values of subjectivity and making decisions based on what you feel like.
Well..
Yep we were. A pretty bad first half of a season but we managed to turn it around in the second half and still ended up 7th and qualified for Europa League and we even reached the German cup final.
>I genuinely cant comprehend the thought process that makes someone think theyre smarter than people who are paid 6-7 figures annually to do this. A lot of it is because most people on here are literally children. I stopped taking arguments seriously when I saw a regular user on here saying they are still 17.They probably think they know better because they have no clue what they're talking about, no experience whatsoever in the real world.
This Arsenal game is shit, this is more entertaining atm.Now look who is salty lol. Please share the next lottery numbers oh omniscient one. Oh wait, your just another dumbass spewing shit to make yourself feel better. Go figure lol.
In my language that means "Gg"
Does the rule genuinely state that it's still a handball if the defender's arm is tucked to his body?
Thats been classed as offside all season sadly
did you guys know that "they made a wrong decision and gave a handball that they shouldn't have in another match" is actually not a good reason for why they should do the same in this match
Palace played Brighton last week and although Palace stole a win at the end, Brighton completely played them off the park. We are a poorly coached team. When are the fanbase going to accept that.
We havent won a game at Anfield for 7 years mate. Even lost against Everton. Nothing is certain
To all the cules that came to to r/realmadrid and brigaded our sub because you won Vs sevilla, why?You won vs sevilla, made a good comeback, good for you. It has NOTHING to do with us. Dont come brigade our sub and mess up our voting because... you won vs sevilla? Id **understand** the brigading it if you won against us, but you didnt even play us. Smh.
Probably but big shout out to Christensen, I think Liverpool's front three suit his strengths but he's been excellent all the same.
Worst call I've seen all year
Mane's been so shit
I think even Fabrizio Romano himself is fed up with the constant media circus over every little thing he says...
How the fuck is that offside?
Expecting Fabinho to pull a hamstring there after being forced to defend an obviously offside play
Maybe Garys a grower
Isnt that the name of his book?
Our player of the season and its not even close. He's so good, future captain.
I glad hes recovered from the Sarri days
> He literally played 30 minutes since thenGot a start against Barnsley and put in a genuinely atrocious performance, and had some unimpressive sub performances afterHavertz was better in the Wolves performance (then got injured) but fair enough that most were poor
That's why I'm calling it simplistic / objective.What you're describing are more detailed, and subjective, factors that *should* be taken into consideration, but aren't easily summarized and are subject to disagreement.Candidly I like the post b/c it's a good starting point for discussion. But I agree with you that it should be a starting point, and not the end of the discussion, b/c there are so many other factors that go into determining whether there's been progress or not.
Paredes has played as an offensive CM in stages of his career, that being said James isn't a bad shout
Who would you rather have? Prime Bacary Sagna, Glen Johnson or Paulo Ferriera?
It's mandatory to wear the coaches armband i'm pretty sure
oh fuck off
Surprising when there was nothing there today
If it hit the defender in the same spot, it would never be a pen. Farcical if you ask me.
Nonchalant as always
But it's the inconsistency. Look at the one that was given in the Fulham game
2 terrible VAR calls in 2 matches
He liked a post on bebo celebrating kony
Mate he cackles after a 0-0 game like we won the game 4-0. No winning mentality. Again we are knees deep in mediocrity and the fans seem to accept it which is sad. This season we'll probably scrape through to top 4, not win anything, and not buy anyone in the transfer window. Be 10th after 15 games next season and replace ole. Zero planning, zero ambition by the board.
Also he had like 5-6 shots off the post
Spurs getting saved by refs again if that was Arsenal its 100% a goal.
Id only stop for the RB takeover, Red Bull Manchester wouldnt be the same club anymore
What is the rule for this one? I thought if you arm was next to your body it wasnt a pen
I mean, it's literally the rules. However, I hope that rule is changed immediately. It's so bad. Yes it hit his arm, but if his arm wasn't there it would have hit his leg and had the same impact.
Get the fuck up Mane
Liverpool 1 Chelsea 1.. VAR scores
Its their way of life, being delusional
in a normal season (fans, no covid etc) and with the same teams, inter 3rd, juve 4th-5th, milan 5th-7th
LOL honestly the best Puli comment in this thread
Are we really that fucking team that boost the confidence of teams that struggle?
Itll all come down to who can get more nil nil draws
Are you referring to the "third in a two horse race"? Cause that one's pretty universal
He was shit talking to kante obviously
One of the worst VAR calls Ive ever seen
Why the fuck is Salah off?
It's one thing been an accident, and one been the player hitting it straight at you with no chance to get out the way.
I think its too close. Football is shite if thats a pen
Wow. I thought that was easily onside from the first angle
He has some things he needs to work on but he has all the potential in the world.
The results have been too good the last few days. Hoping you drop points as well. Should be an exciting run in.
I love Craven Cottage. Easily my favourite ground in London.
What now haters?
Klopp just refuses to change the high line and they'll concede another cause of it
Anyone mention the high line yet
Mane has been absolutely awful this season and he doesn't get any criticism at all meanwhile salah gets hounded for having single bad game.
That's what I interpreted it as
Tomas Soucek for bringing West Ham back from the dead.
Guys, who is the most handsome manager out there in the top5 leagues? I guess Parker is in top3 at least, gotta admit as a man that he looks good^nohomo
I just think the Lemina one is so incredible harsh so it's kinda unfair to compare the two. Like no one thinks that should be a handball.
His first season was genuinely very good and would honestly have finished top 3 comfortably without Kepa, then we spent 250 mil and the team took a step back. Tuchel hasn't changed much but he can't be expected to in such a short time, at least give him the start of next season to really judge him on anything at all.
At what? Liverpool are shite
It was one of the top posts here about a month ago, on the front page.I won't look for it now, i'm not home.
Is it really a local club if it's 250 miles away?
I think because the whole standard dropped quite a bit so there is a certain element of chaos in the middle of every game going on. Every game feels to be on the cusp of just going insane either with a weird Ref decision or weird goals and results. I sometimes feel like a person watching motorsport waiting for an accident to happen, not in it for the sport rather for the chaos that follows.
That's a penalty, don't know why the ref no era'd it.
My favorite hobby? Magnets.
Correct decision but shit rule
I watched a man drop his phone into the Wembley urinial piss trough, and then reach across several dicks to try and stop it from going to the end, getting wee'd on in the process.The man didn't care either. He reached in, grabbed his phone, and stuck it back in his pocket without washing his hands, wiping his phone, etc. Every time I think about it it makes my stomach turn.
I clearly do not like Communists, that's about it.
In all seriousness I dont know if VAR helps improve the quality of handball calls. The rule is highly subjective and having an extra 15 seconds to make such a decision doesnt necessarily produce a decision that everyone will agree with in the way that it can for more common fouls or offsides decisions.
VAR is shit and no one can convince me otherwise.I'd much rather have it back the old way even if it means 2% of decisions are wrong or whatever. Referee errors were part and parcel of the game.
Spurs fan here. Joke of a rule, should have been given.
It's the same as mane against everton and countless others, games gone, except sometimes when they decide to ignore the sleeve
Who reffed this? Still Pawson or replaced by Twatkinson?
Talmbout Jesus(as), the messiah b? Great guy, never met him tho.
Under the new rules it is. Its the correct call but a bullshit rule.
Started brightly imo.
Lewis Baker?
How would Spurs look like with a back 3 and wing backs since their full backs are great attackers but not so great defenders?
Inter would be 2nd, Milan and Juve just behind competing for top 4
Well someone is banned from my Cairo Restaurant now.
wow alisson saving liverpool there top keeper
Actually it seems like you are right. The USL has recently added additional leagues but in the past has merged them together to form 1 league. It is sort of like a mix of the baseball system and the system other countries use for soccer. There are tiers, so your friend has basically gone from AAA to AA. However many of these teams are not associated with MLS teams like minor league teams are for the MLB. In this sense it is more similar to the way the rest of the world organizes their soccer leagues. However unlike the rest of the world, USL and MLS do not have promotion/relegation such that Charleston will always be in the USL championship while Madison will always be in USL 1.
Lads, its Anfield
How is Mane walking after taking such a blow to the head
He isn't going to shag you mate.
'could've killed him'
Gutted mate
https://youtu.be/xmWXVHBo84AIts been 6 years since this piece of gold and United still havent come close to the league.
Yeah a grass
Youre 100 % right. Dribbling ability has lot to do with physical ability or athleticism. Ronaldo Nazario despite being big, had very good innate mobility that allowed him to perform the dribbling he did in his peak. Mobility matters a lot when it comes to dribbling and Ronaldo was very agile.
in the german national team?
Your flair's confusing me.
Actually a handball 50mins into the game has no impact on an offside call 40 minutes prior
Embarrassingly childish by the two balding men on the right.
oh boy thats comical
Fucking hell Chilwell
Similar to the first game between Klopp and Sarri, i think we'll see great football but not a ton of goals.
Lol that replay of Mane looking up to find the ball and it's under his legs.That right there would be the hardest ever spot the ball competition.
What is this confidence based on?
Maybe in a game with a team who play such a high line like this. Otherwise absolutely not, feel like he's always got a mistake in him
He never has a plan B, it's the same tactics and jobs, and swap out the personnel. He's always been like that since he joined us. Last season it worked
VAR is killing this sport.
He also won bundesligas
Yeah, I suppose I never considered this perspective, which is what was pointed out to me below. Thanks anyway.
It's relevant insofar as showing that it isn't, in my view, an issue.
liverpool are playing dogshit
Rudiger/Kabak
What the fuck are the rules anymore.
A good one.
Jesus Christ a man cannot even voice his opinions on his own podcast anymore?
Wow embarrassing
No. Keita has been that bad he's being touted as the worst Liverpool signing ever when you take into account his price and the fact we waited a year for him which is a lot when you think we signed a certain 35m donkey.I would expect him to leave in the summer since he has 2 years left but a lot needs doing to the squad so he'll probably stay on the bench for another year.
Beer is not sold at stadiums in Argentina, in the Suruga Bank in Japan I sat next to a guy beyond fucked up who started chatting with one of the players who had a torn ACL therefore wasn't even on the bench
The Havertz signing never made sense, he doesn't fit modern systems as anything but a 2nd striker and you don't play 2nd strikers. Ziyech will get better as he strings games and he's always been up and down anyways. Werner will get goals eventually, but his quality was always overstated.
He wasn't all that serious
Tbf Brazilian Portuguese is an abomination.Boa noichhhhh, bom jiaaaaa, get out.
Best see if Apple will use it as standard otherwise youre breaking phone law Im afraid. I dont make the rules.
Big talk with Allison on goal
Really brave comment to make in r/soccer Daily Discussion lolI'm sure this unpopular opinion will get a lot of slack
in his explanation not that it makes it less confusing
thats 1-1 with shit VAR calls
There is no need to say it in the first place, so by saying it you make it look like you just *have* to be gay if youre going to praise someone for their looks, which is ridiculous.
Chelsea spending a small countrys GDP on transfers in the summer only for Mason Mount to cement himself as their best player. What a timeline
Back when Chelsea were finiding a manager to replace Lampard (and even now) Ralf Rangnick and a few other managers were constantly linked to the RB philosophy and in general I've seen some praise of RB's model. What is this RB philosophy?
Back to even ground, chelsea denied a goal, Liverpool denied a goal
When are Everton going to do - ya know - an Everton? Im starting to get worried
Asensio
I used to believe something like this, except it was 2 fouls for a yellow and offsides counted as fouls, so you'd get a yellow for 2 offsides.
Love you too
Implement a system in the worst way possible, then blame the system for not working.Guys it's good that you have some rage, just direct it to the right person, your FA, instead of VAR.
Nope he said he doesn't like over the top celebrations and thinks it's a bad influence for youth players and then mentioned Auba and Griezmann as examples.Nothing idiotic about him having the opinion of not liking these celebrations.
Timooooooooo
That is so brutally terrible
cancelo left back walker right back
Pep is a good manager if he gets the best players. He inherited the best midfielder and striker in the league. Has been able to just spend and spend. They have sold 300m but they could have sold no one and still spend that. United have a worse manager, had a worse squad if I recall, might be remember wrong, And recruitment has been shit. City have been a lot better at recruiting but still both teams have had a lot of money to spend in comparison to Liverpool and spurs for example.
Jesus Christ
Schmeichel has quietly been one of the best keepers in the league for years, and showed it again last night. And yeah, Pope had a decent game all things considered, just massively got his angles wrong on the goal.Still needed a near perfect connection from Iheanacho though.
This happened in 2018-19 with Chelsea and Arsenal, Arsenal were 5th and lost to 4th place Chelsea in the EL final.
Mason on damn fire today
MOUNTTTTT
Will this finally get more of you to want the return of the old handball rule please? Being objective doesn't make it just or right.
Havertz would do well against Liverpool's high line. I would like to see him get a chance today.
Yeah it made little sense, he played for months after his comment. And other players (Griezmann, Koulibaly) have played the same amount as before
Alisson was right in front of him, he only had a second to react, and it was beyond his reach. Im not the mans biggest fan but jesus some people expect prime Ronaldo
Attack handball gets disallowed no matter what -- we had one against Ajax for literally the same exact thing as Fulham. Defense is subjective.
Who do you think sells more shirts Havertz or Kovacic?I see your point, if a cheap player comes good you can generate hype with their performances but when you make a big money signing, you're generating hype from just the transfer, plus the performances if they do well.
Arms might as well not exist at this point fuck this shit
He looked defiantly offside how was it offside ? Sky never even showed the lines showing its offside it went off the screen straight away.
Bit of a stretch
Southgate still use 7 defensive players
People are so surprised that footballers swear at their teammates when losing. It's funny.
Commentators : 
That our wingers will produce magic has helped at times.However, a midfield of ESR, degaard and Partey should have done much better to influence the game and help create chances. Supported by Tierney and Bellerin also getting forward at times.The team is without any confidence at the moment, starting Auba over laca might have been due to fitness, Laca is obviously better for his system. As he would have brought degaard, ESR, Saka and Pepe more into the game.The last 10 was just desperation and poor management tho. Eddie was way to heated, w. Saka/Willian covering at fullback they played almost more cautiously than the starters as they're not as familiar there. Having just two CBs left on the pitch made pushing Holding who won most duels aerially forward wasn't an option..I agreed with the starting lineup, but confidence/quality just isn't there yet. There was just a lack of people taking responsibility for bringing the ball forward.Also experienced players like Bellerin & Partey failing easy short passes several times.I've seen Arteta be blamed for it, system too complicated etc. But there just seems to be a lack of concentration, confidence and leadership in the side. There is quality in the side, but the side still needs players like Luiz/Xhaka for their leadership and ball progression. I do think 99% of the criticism would go away if we'd scored a lucky goal and gone through
I think a lot of fans of socio-owned clubs would actually, in fact I'd bet by balls on it mate. If they changed everything about it, it's not my club anymore so why bother support it?
Charmed life.Liverpool players look so poor
Zeljko Buvac was like Coach Klein and Jurgen Klopp is Red Beaulieu.He kept the green book of plays for last season but didn't have the edge this year.
He got ratioed
Yikessssss
I believe that some general opinions can be wrong, e.g. "vaccines cause autism". That's why I specified that I'm talking about footballing opinions, where objective facts are not as clear-cut.
Oh my god this season is absurd
We cheated?
Idk but it keeps me up at night
yes, coming back soonish though
Joey Barton for me
Fuck Chelsea!
He liked some post on IG from a right wing numbnuts talking about how he wanted to shoot antifa.
The future of this sport is finding players with abnormally short upper arms
>Walker (RB, CB, GK)If you allow this, Ederson should be (GK/midfield).
ur mum
As an opposition supporter?
*That* game at Anfield
Livingstone was an explorer.
I dont come here to get kink shamed smh
Literally just seen someone compare Fred to Kante - the sub's an absolute joke, full of clueless bellends who think the sun shines out of every single player, coach and manager's arse. How are we supposed to beat Crystal Palace with *this* board?!
There were a lot of articles and noise for months about him joining Atletico before he joined united so maybe they're why.
Bring on Pulisic, time to stomp some Commies
C'mon Chelsea, you need a second technically 3rd to win this one. This 1 goal lead ain't gonna hold.
it was glorious when they realized that all their inside sources were wrong and sancho wasnt coming.
Follow this on Reddit desktop
Just because it's called antifa doesn't mean it's actually antifacist. It's also called the democratic people's republic of korea, and the people's republic of china, but we all know the people aren't in charge. It was also call the national socialist worker's party nazi
Don't act like I don't know that.
Wenger revisionism stinks so bad.
Since Mane's a few minutes ago?
my gran has been dead for 15yearsshes moved around more in that time then some of these liverpool players tonight
Christensens first touch have been spot on today. Amazing.
Such a salty loser lmao
Yeah in my dreams
Watch your tongue you puddle sniffer
We are definitely more in sync now yes.
Can I interest you in the Werner offside call in the Chelsea Liverpool game happening now?
Werner mate...cmon
Thats not a hot take
Zambo Anguissa at Fulham
Extremely harsh. Should have been a goal
do these dickheads even know that theyre losing? fucking zero urgency, at home to chelsea. Its so embarrassing.
I don't get how that's offside. Yeah his arm was off but you can't score with your arm. Ridiculous decision
No, just decided to humor myself as I expect a certain user to show up and accuse me of trolling as well as say some bad words towards me.
franchise*
Dont know, maybe salah again. I remember salah, Henderson, Keita, Trent and Sturridge in recent times.
Hell yeah. Exciting end to the season coming up, even the 4th playoff spot has about 3/4 teams closing in
Arsenal might be a finished club...
back in his day if u spoke up to somebody higher than u in the hierarchy youd get caned so i cant imagine hell b too pleased about the incident
Walkers definitely better defensively but attacking wise its debatable
Winner gets Lewa for free
He gives me Pickford vibes when he punches every shot away. He really doesn't like catching anything. He'll do a job though, probably won't gain them any points from amazing saves but won't cost them many either. Better than Kepa for sure.
You're overreacting quite a bit. It was the most lightweight banter of the year. Relax.
you go"If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence."
Recibimiento vs Racing Club
both teams probably
We stink
Cole Palmer, Liam Delap and James McAtee
wow, for some reason until this day I though it could only show red, white and blue.
The ref is right its done by the textbook but this is a case of the textbook being stupid
Yes. Before our team loses confidence.
Mount has been so good
VAR needs to be removed, revised and re-implemented. This is getting out of hand
If people can include ramos I don't see why pique doesn't get a mention either, ramos may have a few more cls but pique has more leagues. Ramos is more of an outlandish character I guess so people think of him 1st but I don't think there's much between them in terms of achievements. Seedorf won a lot too iirc besides wc.
Holy fuck, all the armchair redditor psychologists are really out tonight.
TiMo Is SuCh A TrASH PLaYeR!1!1!
Imagine if Bale or Hazard said they sleep fine after that performance though
The warning signs were there, he couldn't even get into one of the worst Arsenal teams in 30 years.
Frenkie (aside from Messi ofc)
dan ashworth is a terrorist dont speak his name
Surprised it wasn't posted here so people could wank over how it actually shows that United is totally doomed and Ole is a poor man manager who can't control his players so they take it out on each other etc etc
not everton though unfortunately
All jokes aside Braithwaite actually seems like a decent signing
Make it so that your feet have to be behind the defensive line. That's it, that's the rule. I don't care if you get an advantage from even your head. I care if your legs are ahead of the defender.
He also drew two people in, clearing the space for Mount.
We are fucking terrible
You don't think that had anything to do with the fact that your Man United? Players will join a big club regardless of who is in charge imo
Think United are just exhausted.Not sure why Bruno played 45 minutes against Sociedad last week. Was very odd.
Why take salah off? Bonny has been 10x worse
I'm surprised you chose that option to question opposed to the aforementioned Merseyside Blue
People started lighting pyros in the middle of a stockholm derby and I happened to be where the wind was blowing the smoke to and my eyes started itching and I couldnt watch the 2nd half rip
Man chelsea dont have people at the receiving end of crosses
Acted brainless on an offside trap early in the game which put Werner 1v1 but missed
>Also Bayern fans only got annoyed with Brazzo when they realised we werent one of those little BLs clubs who happily bend over backwards to take it in the ass. > >Lastly whilst we may not be the biggest club in the world were still a huge one and huge clubs get attention from the fans of others, something as a Tottenham fan you wouldnt have ever experienced.lol thank you for proving my original point about Chelsea supporters being petty as fuck when it comes to the way they see situations within their club unfold. And people wonder why Bayern supporters get wound up around them. Enjoy your day with your week-old burner account.
Change this rule ffs, you can learn a thing or two from the Eredivisie in these cases. But of course, your ego and incompetence are above everything.
Insane how much better Chelsea look like under Tuchel vs under Lampard. I really hope clubs stop this trend of appointing former club legends as managers because it rarely works out.
>If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence. Harsh, but it's the correct use of VAR as per the rules.
Short term incompetence to cover up long term incompetence
Yeah I mean if you were to pick a new sport to watch, you'd definitely want to watch the best teams, and end up supporting them.
Doesnt American english have slang too like hold your horses for example? I've seen it used here, its impossible to accommodate your speech to fit everyone in an international forum mate, have some sense.
Tuchel send kova in to match robertsons cunty-ness
Kalimuendo, hes doing pretty well go Lens and I think he may be integrated into our first team next season if he isnt sold
Fenerbahce got scammed so hard by buying Mesut hes horrendous lol
Arrested and thrown in jail for saying Mount is good
Okay....
Werner and Mount deff aren't friends lol
Has anyone here read Roy Keanes autobiography, and did he really say this about the private parts of Gary Neville and Nicky Butt?
> Pogba was also excellent for France in the world cup as part of a pivot next to a top tier defensive midfielder. He can absolutely play there at a high level in the right setupEhhh.... yeah idk I don't agree, maybe if you play a 'water carrier' for lack of a better term on the LW like France did with Matuidi. That was a very specific setup that worked for them in a 7 game knockout tournament, but we're not going to copy that and I don't think we should. I feel uneasy in general when comparing international football to club football, it's just such a different environment and is generally on a lower level.> I'd rather have Rashford's threat from the left and have pogba deeper than have pogba out left and depend on Fref/Scott for creativity and ball progressionThat's not an issue because I feel like with the lineup I gave we actually add more creativity to the team by replacing Rashford with Pogba on the left. The ball progression from midfield can come from the new DM, but yeah that depends on who we sign of course. The double pivot would primarily shield the back four and I reckon it'd make us a more solid defensive unit, especially compared to if we have Pogba as a part of the pivot.On your other point: I agree, Rashford has been one of our best players and has been better than Pogba the past two seasons. Pogba has basically been absent for a large majority of that through injuries. I'm arguing this from the standpoint that everyone is fit however. We both concur that Pogba is better on pure talent. It seems like we think differently on a number of topics and I don't think we'll come to an agreement on those things. That's cool though, we don't have to agree on everything.
Prob Jonjo Shelvey.
Well they've changed it for example to include the shoulder area/PL badge, where previously it just said "hands and arms" were not to be counted. So, in this instance, the Werner goal may have stood under old laws.  The PGMOB also made significant changes to the interpretation re: active and inactive players, after the Rodri incident with Villa a few weeks ago.   Saying that there are no significant changes isn't really true, where there's just a couple of recent examples that would have changed whether a goal was allowed or not. And go back further and you'll find more tweaks and changes to the interpretations of the law that have impacted the game.   >you might be in the margin of error by 1mm or not.  This is true though, unless there's changes to how VAR works i.e. removing the line system it will likely be a debate of millimetres from now on.
I can't see us scoring 2 goals ...
This surely cant be the correct ruling, thats an absolute joke
How are refs even shittier with VAR?
Holy shit. This is an absolute joke.
Arsenal...?
Also what a pisstake of a response, Salah wasnt even mentioned, purposely trying to troll
>Penalty controversyI still have no idea how it was controversial. You don't refuse to give penalties because it would've been a great story had they completed the comeback.
Check out rapid APIs football section.I used it for a pet project recently, they have all data you need. Its free for a certain amount of requests per day.
Fabinho is not a CB. I think Klopp has a thing where a player fills in a position, does well, then gets played there for an extended time when maybe he shouldn't be.
Kimmich long shot from bumfuck yards away that somehow goes in, Lewandowski brace, Goretzka header goal from a corner. We lose 4-0. I've seen this too many times.
did you watch the first half. they need a shot on target first
Mount didnt mention his name lol.
We definitely need to get a midfielder of a fairly specific profile this summer. Someone who has good positional discipline and awareness, with good progression through passing. But it's to play him next to Fred rather than as a lone pivot. Rashford should get at least 6 months off to recover and after that we'll have enough matches to get him a good amount of playtime anyways especially since he can fill in at 3 different positions
I don't know why but Alba is the first one that comes to mind. I can't explain it though
cant build up from the back like we used to. Arent able to switch the ball early to our full backs. The front 3 has run its course and dont click together often
a shot on target by liverpool!?
These numbers are all getting more accurate though. And in the future well be able to determine the likelihood of x player getting a card in x match.People hate this notion because it means theyre predictable, but its true. More about our world can be defined and determined using statistics and maths than anyone realised.
Still can't believe we took off Jones. And Salah. Get Jota in for Bobby and keep Ox on the bench.
Mourinho and it isnt particularly close either. Current Klopp over current Mourinho but over their whole careers theres absolutely no competition and Mourinho wins hands down.
Your board needs to be ruthless. Any one of those players would bring in a huge sum
I support this message
#DisgustingFakeFans#SupportYourLocalTeam#OurLeagueIsNotYourFetish
>We rebuilt under those managers because the squad was in pieces - that isn't the case anymore. We have some gaps in the team that need filling - that doesn't warrant a "rebuild."That would be at the discretion of a new manager. If he didn't like what was there he'd rebuild, simple.>ut we're playing cowardly uncreative football, the kind which Van Gaal and Mourinho got dog's abuse forDisagree, I think the squad is mentally and physically exhausted given the demands of the short season and the lack of quality squad depth. If this were a regular season with games properly spaced out we'd be performing better, and given that the only team in the league with the kind of squad depth needed is the one above us I genuinely think we'd be challenging. I just don't agree with your assessment, I think we're nearly there as a team and squad but fatigue is catching up on us. I think it'd be a huge mistake to disrupt the flow with a new manager and basically take 2 steps back.
Well there are different rules for both even if they're shite
And yet we've had matches where we've seen them not perform until he came on, with both Griezmann, Dembl etc on the pitch. When Messi goes, the consistency he can bring will go with him, and that's possibly where we'll be hit the hardest. We'll have to see how the club, manager, players manage when the time comes.
Kante has been fantastic today, him and Mount and Chilwell has been quite good tbf have been excellent.
So it has it's pros and cons. I guess come people are willing to accept the cons because the pros are too good, but for others they just want it to be the way it used to be. If I were in your place I'd hate the fact that I can't go to most games
What sort of mental gymnastics will Sky's ref watch guy use to defend that penalty decision?
HAHAHAHA ALISSON BRAINFART
"hur durr but var sucks"
Why doesn't Mario Lemina just cut his hands off smh
So about 15 seconds ahead. Thank you!
> Hopefully Torquay can come up.No thanks, this would be not the ideal outcome
Worse than all of that, they are attacking the players because of those completely innocent statements. Chelsea fans are attacking Kroos, Madrid fans are attacking Mount. Its just disgusting. In this very same thread too. Obviously even worse in twitter and instagram comments.
Thiago doesn't feel like he fits into kloops system
Deserved a red for his horrific trim.
was that Azpi saying fock off man?
Ooh this happens to me a lot. Good one
9 goals and 8 assists in the league this season. 17 goals and 9 assists last season. 10 goals and 7 assists before that. That's a lot of goals and assists for a LW in the PL from just individual brilliance from time to time.
Please, Shaw has been one of the best LBs this season.
more dancing pep
Maybe they arent constant threats then
Wasnt that the slip?
I kinda have to use facebook live to watch laliga cause in my country it isnt telecasted anywhere else
I'd rather play Cancelo on the left and Walker out on the right.
Yeah for me it has come to a point were anything thats non robotic speaking i like it
What would be your best combined 11 of the most underrated players from the 21st Century?
Klopp has gotten the subs horrendously wrong. Salah and CuJo are our most creative players... Man and Firmino have been Dog this game, take them off instead man.
Yes, unless it leads to a goalscoring opportunity. Then it only matters if it touches your arm, nothing else matters.There are different rules for different situations, which is ridiculous.
VAR is bullsheet
relegatoin form
I respect this
Now only way to qualify cl is to win cl.
Kroos needs to capitalize on this and do some mattress commercials
Yeah I agree. I think we're a better team than people give credit for. And don't forget Carvajal in that list.I'm not saying we're better than Atletico or Bayern but we don't even need to be a better team than Atletico. All we have to do is be better than them on 2 days a year when we play them and then just win more matches than they do. This team knows how to win titles and maybe not exactly kill games but the team is experienced enough to know that a 1-0 and 5-0 are the same result, we can see games out for sure. I'm pretty sure we'll get past Atalanta too. But fitness is very inconsistent now. And I think that has cost us more points than atletico or Barcelona. Hopefully no major injuries until the end of season.
2018 exit was maybe the most disappointing for him
I don't know who I want off more, Mane or Bobby. Mane has really been a shadow of his former self this season.
My disappointment is Immeasurable and my midnight is ruined
This is hard, there is no link from Sociedad to Leipzig I swear?
Someone yesterday was asking for more green kits. Well there you go.
Anyone got a gif of the ball being kicked at Mane's head? Around the 87th min
If his arm isnt there it hits his side and plays *probably* develops the same way.
De nada ;
I don't like the rule so glad it wasn't given, but I was honestly shocked that they didn't
Jokes on everyone else. Diminishing returns on if you beat us at anfield haha 
See mi flia es obsesiva con Japon porque vivieron unos aos de 1987 a 1990. Mi viejo incluso se probo en el club que jugaba Piccoli!
Martin Tyler, sounds tired tbh.
Zidane would change his tactics to suit him of course. He can also play as a RW.
always comes after a win. we can be facing 2009 barca after beating rock bottom sheffield united and i would be a bit confident, idk why
Lot of the Liverpool flairs commenting on Pulisic might want to read Jair Bolsonaro's wikipedia page or something.
Disgraceful.
Bring Jota on or we are fucked
Who needs VAR anyways...
Liverpool and Fullham wins.WestBrom draw.
When Silva went out I thought Christensen would be exposed but he's arguably been the top performer since then.
Yes it was just that one time but it looked so bad because not even 80 years ago that country was the main culprit of racism and the final solution.
I don't think sodoes one of these teams play a high defensive line? /s
You said kroos is your most unlikeable player and I am merely asking how is kroos more unlikeable than Suarez given that you dislike kroos for just denying racism while Suarez has actually been racist.
This comment is probably going to look very absurd by the end of the season.
I mean, I don't think it's a penalty, but his hand isn't even sort of "tucked in."
Spring of 2022?
Liverpool had an xG of 0.07, they don't deserve anything
but do you pass the eye test though?
well thats good to hear! I wonder if Dortmund make the semifinals in the CL or even in the final (very possible with a good draw), would they keep him as the head coach.
You claim to know what will happen in the final. Since you know, please share the lottery numbers and do something useful or keep quiet.
Probably not. But I wouldnt describe that as a valid scenario just yet, Leipzig will drop points.
Mourinho is clear
I dont think theyre mocking him for it, more using it to disprove the idea that hes not losing any sleep over football
What hypocrisy ? Did I say Salah wasnt a diver in my commentWhat a sad loser you dont even know what youre talking about
Gotta admire the commitment
Did I say it bothered me?
id rather bring the euros home but to each their own
"I watch more out of habit at the moment" ... Man if that is not the biggest facts.
definitely
Already forgotten
I don't disagree, but imo as a part of that process, players would be more inclined to play for Poch then Ole, it isnt the end all be all, but it definitely matters
Yeah Dunk is superb and far from mediocre.
Yea. I need their capitulation to come imminently
But he said it was taken by the club?He didn't say us or we decided. He said club.
DDs and other threads are completely different worlds. Hadn't realised the difference was this stark until I went on non-DD threads the last week or so.Edit : Daily Discussion and Free talk threads
Hahahahahahahaha
Replace throwins by kickins.. would make them super overpowered... would see at least 1 direct kickin goal
If I was Thomas Partey, I'd be sacking mine.
Wdym weird, I'm having a blast
Yeah, he's putting up good numbers despite his flaws. If someone like Pep worked with him to overcome those, he'd definitely be nearing world class levels
Bring back David NGog
Blumenau, Pomerode, Nova Petropolis. I think those are the most known for the architecture but there are plenty more with a lot of german influence and colonies.
Ibra gave it a go.
That's the thing I don't think your players are shit. I think you have a top 4 team (better then Chelsea, Leicester and Arsenal) and Ole is getting carried and I have consistently said Ole is a shit manager and gets carried.In regards to United being Immune haven't you been fairly fortunate with injuries I can only thing of Pogba who has been out for a significant period and he was injury prone anyway.
But when people compare the two, their basing it off Lampards recent form which would be from after the Leeds result. We still won the games against Sheffield United and Barnsley and plus were not going to win every game so although the Saints draw wasnt ideal its not that damaging in terms of our hopes for top 4.
Salah's been better than Mane tbh
Mount is a passion merchant but with quality to be fair.
This seems like it is the letter of the law in the absolute most literal sense but by no means is this instance within the spirit of the law and what its trying to prevent.
Fabinho has looked awful coming back in
Remember how annoying liverpool fans were on every thread for the past years after making it to a ucl final back to back and winning one prem after decades and thinking theyre finally back. Seems like they wont even qualify to the europa league this year.
Didn't earlier in the season. Got dropped, came back. Now doing it. Now idea what h appened.
Yes, the opinion of English football being a beast holds no truth.Pep came from Germany, Mourinho came from Portugal, Klopp from Germany, Conte from Italy, Mancini from Italy, Ancelotti from Italy and they've all done well.
Who or what is HH?
if you count getting to the final of europa league in a gimped season impressive.
If you're not biased towards your own team then what kind of fan even are you??
Its literally the video where Pep and Frank are going at it, Klopp tells him to calm down and Frank tells him that he can fuck and all. Like if youre just making things up then cool. I dont know why its funny to you, Lampard started on Klopp so youre wrong there and Kroos also made the first comments in the media that he wasnt going to lose any sleep over any of the Chelsea players so if you think Lampard was attacked then so was Mason and the situations were the same. You dont seem aware of a lot of the context here and the fact that you cant even correctly spell Kroos name after Ive raised it suggests an incapability to acknowledge when youre wrong. Im sure Mount wont lose any sleep that youre so upset with him anyway, son.
Hi mate would you mind deleting your post, best regards
I have seen Real Madrid fans call them culos.
You guys are really forcing it, nobody cares about your tears, or 2012. Im just making an observation. Sheesh.
It want this to be a draw as Tottenham fan
'86 Lincoln 3-0 St Joseph'sGoal: Carlos MartinezAssist: Enrique GomezLincoln sub:OFF 11 Tjay De BarrON 24 Jack Sergeant
Hes been making great runs through the teeth of the defense for sure. Unlucky to not be on the sheet
Would I rather be a Man City/PSG fan or a Red Bull Leipzig/Salzburg fan? The former 100%.
I am more happy Arsenal are doing bad, not because my opinions were right, but because they support a genocide
Its ok man the result yesterday aint even that bad its the fact that theres no hope for us as a club and that would have been the same if we won.
kovacic lucky its klopp and not SAF
Jordan pickford would be the perfect var era defender
Has Tuchel gone a bit too Conservative tonight?
The Arsenal ones except Lindelof and Solskjaer
A 9/10 half from everyone except for werner 7/10 and ziyech 6/10. Really hope we can see puli instead of ziyech in the second half.
Mari, holding and Bellerin are relegation level players. Should be playing for fulham not Arsenal
He wasn't great last night or against Chelsea at the weekend but he absolutely is United's best player and is much more consistent than Pogba.
Youre been just commenting nonsense for 90 minutes. Does it get boring?
Then those guys need to be sacked and replaced with people with some imagination.
SEND ALISSON UP FOR THE CORNER YOU COWARDS
Im ready for my home standing ovation when Jota comes on
All I've learnt from this thread is people think Kroos is a whingy chump with no ability
How is Ziyech's general style of play for Chelsea? I was expecting to see him play roles similar to Bernardo or Mahrez at city
The whole knows. Nice try.
Since Liverpool beat Spurs in the first half of the season and thought they had won the league.
Even in this game thats not true, Mount and Firmino do way more than him
I completely agree.
Its not the refs fault they are just applying the stupid rules. I imagine the rules will be tweaked to not be so miniscule by next season
Southgate scandal so needed right now so Mr Wenger can step in and carry us to the Euros
You right you right
I mean Kroos has a bigger legacy than the entire Chelsea FC
Christian "I have that conservative opinion, you know the one, yeah that one" Pulisic.
Is there any budget for transfers next summer?
"Could have killed him!!!"
Chilwell looks like a character from a Pixar movie set in the 50s
>Just obvious proof that you're neither neutral nor well informed on the matter.lol do we need to talk about reading comprehension skills? I just said Chelsea supporters were wound up about CHO but they weren't going at it with Bayern supporters because Bayern supporters were also annoyed at Brazzo for how the situation was handled.Then I said it wasn't until this summer that both sides started slinging shit. Simple, really.
Ok old man. That is a competitor. He can have his flowers after he retires, until then its part of the game.
Every game they literally get worse
Man the PL offside check is really strict and ridiculous to say the least.They would even give offside if a single hair strand is in offside position lmao
to an extent I agree although the levels of celebration of some fans on here after a win can sometimes be a bit excessive given the context of the match. That said, I think it's weird to look at another teams sub after they've had a game, then report back 'omg team I don't like fans are so deluded. They are acting like they just won a CL final over at team I don't like sub'
Weird situation where you're not performing well and getting heavily carried by 1 player do bring out contradicting arguments
Where is he even supposed to put that arm?
Too close
They know who the real goat is...
Can Kroos let a sleeping dog lie? If he actually didnt care he wouldnt feel the need to respond. The mental gymnastics lmao. Does Kroos' balls taste as salty as his response?
More like liverpool playing like a Sunday league side
Weird behaviour from both sides
I fear the slav energy
Because Mahrez ran a notable distance and Kane(?) Didn't?
Werner is basically dogshit rn
Worst decision yet
Who's the VAR today?
I thought you brits understand banter?
The older one is such a twat. Young guy is pretty cool.
We beat Sevilla (after losing 2-0 in the first place...) to go through to a Cup Final, and suddenly Koeman is an underrated coach.We were a 94th minute goal away from forfeiting the season, last night, in a game where Sevilla did at least 5 things wrong in the last 20 minutes to gift us the opportunity to still be in it.Let's not kid ourselves, we've been bad more times than we were good this season, and a lot of these times it's due to coaching.People are even talking about PSG, are you insane?!....we have to score 4 without conceding, this is mental.Koeman is exactly what people expected, he has some good games but let's not put him on a pedastle because Sevilla decided to claw their own eyes out.
If you dont understand why our league position isnt saying much this season, then I think youre just massively biased.Do you honestly think were the 2nd best team in the league?
If i remember correctly it wasnt necessarily the wage but the whole He isnt/wont be worldclass
Currently? Inter 2nd, Milan 4th/5th, Juve 7th
Liverpool fans are known to dabble in self-gratification and/or indecent exposure.One of their lot got arrested in Madrid for stewing his eel into a public fountain.
Eight inches
I was thinking about writing you a short sum up of the midfield which won 3 UCLs in a row, consistently dominating most European teams' midfield for years, but at this point I feel that it is like water off a duck's back.
It's why Jamie Carragher got pissed about the people playing the violins for van Dijk lol
On comes the white supremacist Pulisic
anyone else astounded its been 3 years since Astoris death? was such a tragic one as well. playing at a high level and one of the best captains in italy, and out of nowhere, passes away in his sleep. may he rest in peace
Is Klopp okay?
What good does this rule do the game? Why does it exist? All it does it cause suffering.
When someone can pass the ball to someone who runs the pitch to score and its still an assist... I never pay much attention to assist stats.
Bet the cunt in the VAR room is scrambling looking for an excuse to disallow that
Haha, assuming you are talking about these I don't think I've seen one, or even heard of one since the 70s.. I loved mine - for about 10 minutes.
Who would bother posting the Haaland wants to be a starter? Is that not obvious? I'm sure that wasn't Romanos main point.
4 subs on the bench but it's roll on roll off subs. Would have the potential to completely change the game
That's hardly a low bar though. He was like 21 and playing in the biggest match of his career then in front of his home crowd after playing 120 minutes.He hasn't taken many penalty since ig
Rivalries from Yugoslavia and the USSR?Dinamo Zagreb - Red StarSpartak Moscow - Dynamo KyivHard to replicate that rivalry/hatred when you no longer compete in the same league. To an extremely lesser extent in England, the Man Utd-Arsenal rivalry from 1997 to 2005 was the biggest game in the country. Titles were on the line, their was real hatred between the managers, players and fans. Now it's just another game.
Oh shit Jota is back
Robertson loves a needless push doesn't he
The rules gotta change even as a Tottenham fan...like what could he have done?
what the fuck?????
Maybe they won't play him because of That video
Juve would not finish below 10th. I think they'd finish top 4 and Milan would be in 5th or 6th
I agree, they say that a 3331 is the best way to play against City. Would have been interesting to watch last years Bayern versus this current City team though.
We both know that man has a painting of himself hidden away in his attic that ages for him
Glad you said this as I would've butchered the accents all sorts of ugly.
The way Chelsea played out there my word. Brilliant stuff.
This league starting to become unwatchable for me as a neutral. How can you even disallow that goal like they're doing it on purpose
this is for youhttps://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/lxh6te/nonpl_daily_discussion/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Well Wernerball finally worked
Salah has every right to be pissed. Mane/Bobby/Thiago all deserve to get pulled more than him.
awful rule, right calledit: going by the *literal definition* of a handball, its the right call. i'm sorry, i was not the one who created the rule.
I'm sick of all the Marxist takes on football these days
They're always flip-flopping aroundWe're not allowed to celebrate finishing above them because its embarrassing, despite them having named an occasion for whenever they finish above us
Harvey Elliot.
Just ignore the part about him being one of their best players for about a decade then
VAR needs to go
This is the worst call I've seen in a while. That's just horrible. That's a textbook example of NOT a handball.
This lol. It didn't help that they don't look too much different from each other
>suffer from plastic fansWhy do you use the word "suffer"?Going by your definition almost every foreign fan is a plastic and if clubs "suffer" from them then it implies that it's an inherently bad thing. Is it an inherently bad thing for someone to just love a sport?
I know everyone says Kovacic is better in possession than Kante but I'd pick Kante every time almost regardless of the opponent.
You do bring up good points. Are stats enough to say that a player is better than the other? No. Then we take the eye test. Which CB is faster,stronger,more athletic,comfortable with the ball,has a wide range of passing and is a threat at set pieces? That one is objectively better- *because these are inherent properties of a player, they do not change with a change in system.* Edit1 : Example- Ramos wont become shit in passing just because he plays in a team which prefers to only score via counter attacks.Stats are more like a helping hand-they should be considered, but your result from statistical analysis shouldnt be considered absolute.
Looool
his hand is up next to his head that is definitely a penalty
Cancel EPL
Probably never will make it to another CL final again himself.
> Would you be comfortable with the lineup on the right against any of the top 6, or in the latter stages of the CL or the EL? With a good enough DM, yes. Neither Fred nor McTominay are, IMO, good enough defensively to shield the back 4 like we need them to. Put someone like Ndidi, or maybe even Rice, next to Pogba to cover for his defensive frailties and I would be confident of that front 6 against nearly any opposition.You've make a good point about different opposition and I think using Pogba out at LW is a good weapon to have in our arsenalfor lack of a better phrase, but in general I would rather use the setup on the right
No need to worry mate. We could play for years and not score at this point
Its still failure after drawing to salvia Prague in the first game. They spent 100 odd million too.
It's offside get over it
Meant more off the pitch but I felt this comment.
But Van Dijkstra knows the shortest path to goal.
Its genuinely painful
They haven't managed teams on the same level in England though. Unless you count that one month before he got the sack at Cardiff. I don't doubt that Uwe is a cult hero (someone that is liked within a small part of a fanbase despite having limited success) but Ole is much more than that at United to begin with. Ole is probably out of his depth as a manager, and they should perhaps (though I'm not convinced) have gone with Poch instead. But their problems have roots much higher than in the managerial role imo. Feels like Poch would be more of the same, only more pricey to get rid of.
GET FUCKED R/SOCCER GET ABSOLUTELY FUCKED YOU DUMB CUNTS
Can't see how it's a dig considering how young the kid is. Kroos was older than Mason when he made his first appearance in the final
Eh I think it's somewhere in between. I don't think it's nothing, he should be following the captain, but it's not that big a deal. Plenty of players will have told to Keane to fuck off, hell Gary Neville recently admitted telling Fergie to fuck off recently. They might have been rebuked but footballers are also different then how they were treated 15-20 years ago. The competitiveness is still there so frustrations happen but I don't expect captains to be these 'Keane' type characters who you can't say anything to. Like didn't Thiago argue with Henderson recently? Couldn't hear it but it happens.
Can you also explain why liverpool has been deflated entire game too?
Yeah I hate it. I'd be pissed if I were maja or a fulham fan
Why Liverpool is playing at Hungary again ? And now that they will play in the same stadium twice the away rule is still on ?
Lol that was so fucking scummy from Kovacic, worse than anything Robbos done
Oh i see, thanks for telling me
I don't see what that has to do with anything
To be fair, I do see a lot of Nazio comments around
It's the hairline
And he shouldn't be honestly, been dealt a shite hand
Put me in as referee. I'll get this shit right.
It was also never a foul lol
Looking like 0 league home wins in 7 for Liverpool now
Lewis Richardson - he's probably the best player in our u23s despite only just turning 18. He also managed to get his first senior appearance against you at the weekend and he didn't look out of place at all.
Turbo Timo Time
The rule is to blame tbh it is technically the right decision going by the letter of the law and the rules they set out. Its just that the rules they set out are bad
What's the best shithouse win you've seen?
THE HAND IS TUCKED IN FFS. THATS NOT A PENALTY, SHUT UP
Walker is one of the best defensive fullbacks around but he is average offensively .
for uswe have mendy(LB,RB,CB), carvajal(RB,LB), nacho(LB,CB,RB, possibly more levels to be unlocked), militao (CB,RB), casemiro(CDM, ST) , modric (CDM, CM, CAM), vazquez(RB, RW, LW), isco(CAM,CM,RW, ST), rodrygo(RW,LW), kroos (CM, CDM), fede(CM,CDM, RW), asensio(LW,RW,CAM),
hahahahaha fuck VAR oh my god
Bed time. Talk sport going to be fun tomorrow
Scumbags keep putting it on Peacock Premium. In a couple years there will be NBCLiverpool, NBChelsea, NBCSpuds, etc.
Its always funny watching the story of the season come full circle on twitter. City fans chattingIf thats supposed to be our competition no wonder where running away with it then loads of united fans in the comments going You where no where near Liverpool! If they didnt have injuries!!!!!!!!! after saying all season it was a bloody excuse.
Not that simple. Probably is but its hard to totally discount Jock Stein, Bill Shankly, Jim McLean etc.
God Allison just got bailed out by VAR. As did the whole back 4 of Liverpool
Yeah and southgate seems like he wants to play a whole team of fullbacks
It all plays a part. CB play further up which allows the midfield to play higher. VVD plays from the back well also. Allows Fabinho, who is a top CDM, play his natural position. But if the forwards are this wasteful its not going to be much better
Hes very barely played, lots of injuries so far, but he been more of a wide player who crosses rather than cutting in like Mahrez
Shit finisher.
I mean more they dont have that chemistry infront, cant pass to eachother up front.
Id stop supporting if anyone bought Benfica
Thiago has been shocking
The state of the refereeing in this league is so fucking atrocious
Classic Toni, can't hate on him
Wish I was
Man ever since Silva arrived he just stepped up
I just want to know what the refs and rulemakers expect Lemina to do there
inter lost 1-0 to barca but was a great game nonetheless
There was nothing wrong with the statement or do you have any evidence for racism inside the national team? The racism came from outside and the amount of abuse Kroos received was absurd.
This season, the idea of Firmino contributing is hilarious. Its just like basketball: if youre a poor shooter, well give you the space. Firmino is constantly just in the open when the ball is at the wings but not making any runs and just staying put. No ones going to Mark him though, essentially making him more of a non-factor. I dont understand the reasoning lmao.
I think its only been one other time
You mean Mane?
Are they?
Yeah, cause this season is the first indication that arsenal aren't quite at the same level as Atletico Madrid.Saying that I don't believe it's the agents fault. Everyone knew where Arsenal were at and Partey should have been aware of what was what
Werner's sleeve was a few milimeters offside from Robinson's position.
NBC = static
And a Footballer at this level should know better and not react to petty things written in the newspapers unnecessarily. It's just so childish.
Mount is shit when it comes to playing obvious through balls
So this is where Werner thrives...highline
Im actually looking forward to todays match for some weird reason
VAR putting in a shift for Liverpool.
pay at the moment of the transfer, either for lack of current founds and/or having to meet some regulation.
That's just silly
Gorg from Jorgh that
Fair point, I guess it does become a different statistic then. But still, whatever conclusions that can be drawn by us casuals (I'm sure analysts teams have some complicated methods to get better ones) is qualitative at best, and even that might be wrong, given how tricky stats are in general.
If a team that benefitted from a dodgy VAR call wasn't allowed to complain about it again, all match threads would be empty.
He hasn't been terrible but he's just been bang average and had such high expectations.
Has won more trophies
Im sorry 
In order to win titles, you need a better team overall. Having a good attack solely cant win you trophies. We had a good attack last season as well, but what happened? Plus, come on, your team have depth. Odegaard shouldnt have been loaned. Valverde and Odegaard are top talents. You guys also had Jovic, but he underperformed. Greizmann and Dembele need more games for me to say theyre consistent.
Joao Cancelo
Can't blame VAR, can't really blame the ref either tbf. It's the rule that's a complete joke
Do we think Tuchel's fraudulent unbeaten run is coming to an end tonight?
I didnt even realise he went to Everton, I only knew him from FIFA (at Anzhi Makhachkala)
Can't believe his xG is so high!
Stunning how much Firmino has fallen off a cliff.
we have to win against bisto tits today
INFO needed. Are you also a supporter of both Real Madrid and Barcelona?
These refs need to be fired, they even draw the line from the wrong place...it starts in the shoulder not way down for the elbow...
Werner infecting Mane with his bad juju
financial reasons. different way the books are made that way. clubs are looking to not violate FFP rules. Thats also why Barca paid 60m for Pjanic and sold Arthur for 70m.
Yeah. Be straight with. Fuck that far right dickhead and be done with it. He is what he is.
This isnt a gray area though lolThe rules are really, really clear about this. You cant use your arm in the build up of a goal and the deflection off of the arm is what lead to the goal.
Pogba is injured
My predictions are Werner: 20 g/a in the prem next season Ziyech: 10 g/a, not nailed on, but has some banging champions league games Havertz: Gets into the first XI, doesnt have the numbers but key part of the squad, like mount this season
What? Ive never heard about this what did he do?
True, I forgot about that
Isnt there a show that just came out recently where they hunt nazis? I think its on amazon.
Allison is the only one i think, cant think of others. theyre all bloody rats
What's wrong with loving a different culture?
Him and saka and foden 
God is kind.
> Our players are shitThis bit isn't true. We have one of the best squads in the league, with a top 4 starting XI (with everyone fit), which will be only get better if we actually fill a few gaps. Give our squad to any top manager and he'd have us pushing for the title this year, I've never been so sure of anything in my life.
Hes really not that good, but hes shown flashes here and there. Not enough to warrant him playing at a higher level though.
Popes distribution isnt good enough.
Mane completely lost sight of the ball there
We just dont get goals like this anymore or players yeah of courseIts just highlights and Le Tissiers best goals so of course itll look good, but there really is a massive decline in creative goals imo. Cutbacks seem to be King now
Going by who would make the best pundit, Thomas Mller.
Genuinely. It's not even that they're inconsistent throughout, they keep the same level (really good or shit) through an extended period, then with no reason drastically inverted that level, again through an extended period.
Clear foul.
Yea but that whole Spain squad was doping
Welcome to Europe league mate
Youre the one using captaincy as a metric 
Really!?
Exactly the sort of contact on Mane that would be a stonewall penalty if he went down.And people wonder why players dive. Stamp out diving refs
Is that really a 1860 fan I stumbled across? Damn I miss the rivalry between you guys and fcb
ZIzou's used a back 3 in previous systems in Europe and big matches. However I agree with the criticism here, especially considering Madrid had no fit CB subs as a consequence.
Several racist comments from him, especially directed towards Africa. Also stated that anti-racism campaigns have no place in football. As much as he knows his trade, I don't want that twat near my club
I hope we do that as I believe that means we win the Europa.
He said decent.
Liverpools depth is mind numbingly shit. Oxlade-Chamberlain is basically a social media influencer now.
I think mostly plastics
The Law Is An Ass.
Ferreira, hes underrated
if United got Poch when he was available, would they be drastically better than they are now? Would Poch have a stronger pull (with players) when it comes to transfers?
inshallah
Why don't all guys show this same energy against the fascists of Italian football?
100km long Ronaldo chop from Werner
At least from what I saw he looks much better than Courtois when it comes to passing.
They must be smoking some strong shit to make a decision like that, what a bloody joke.
This is not a "ridiculous VAR decision", according to the rules this is a handball. Please direct your annoyance to the correct issue so it can be fixed.
Why would Fabinhos inclusion necessitate a move to 4-2-3-1?
Tbh no European football is a blessing in disguise because I get to watch less arsenal games
we must win too tonight , good luck.
Its pretty normal play from CBs to any decent forward these days tbh. Never gets called which is crazy.
The fact Thiago is looking like a Jalapeo Jonjo in the Prem just goes to show that the Bundesliga is an agricultural institution.
Hey if you come away from Turf Moor with a point you didn't get Burnleyed tbf
Who do you think is better?Leno vs De GeaTierney vs ShawGabriel vs LindelofPartey vs PogbaSaka vs Greenwood Auba vs RashfordEdit: Add Arteta vs Ole for good measure
yeah, heir austrian farming setup is really good. they have like 3 different levels they can send their wonderkids to. i think one is liefering, then another midtable club and then salzburg. so the mostly young africans are never in the difficult situation to have immense pressure and fail but can always shift around depending on where they're at currently. also iirc liefering is right around salzburg, so socially from a stress and development perspective they do make clever decisions. they are good at exploiting their financial superiority.
And decent today.
thanks mate. ronaldinho also comes to mind with 1,82m (5'9). those two are actually a bit similar, ronaldinho was close to nazarios explosive dribblings and also very strong physically, could handle strong tackles and shield the ball good.
Let's be honest, yeah opinions can be wrong. If I say Martin Tyler is currently a better footballer than Messi then that's obviously wrong. There's no debate to be had at all.
Liverpool set up in their typical 4-3-3, they should play out of Chelsea's general press with ease and keep the ball for periods along with troubling Chelsea's build-up on a number of occasions. If they set up the way they did against SU they'll lack a passing option at LB.
when will espn report that Chelsea will sign me?
InSalah
Can a football-related opinion be wrong? Let's say I believe that Shkodran Mustafi is a better defender than Virgil van Dijk. You can try to change my mind using stats and trophies and individual accolades, but I can try to debunk them and focus on other facts instead e.g. Dani Alves had more assists than Zidane, so stats don't tell the whole story; the Ballon d'Or is given to the player in the best team; Mustafi won a World Cup. Can we then say that my football-related opinion is right or wrong?
The nearest football club to me is 300kms away and I assure you that I don't have any connection to them. In fact I dislike them because of local politics.Stop telling people who they have and don't have connections to.
How does RB "gift" them money? I understand owners giving clubs money with 0 interest, but that still adds to your debt. Was the 100m snuck in through sponsorships?
People who think that was a penalty shower in their trunks
Someone in the comments said Keita is better than him, twitter is a cess
All our goals this year have come after the 45th minute
I'd say 4th or 5th.
I mean, I'm pretty sure City will win this easily.
Starts from the arm badge apparently
We rarely ever draw 0-0
Im not discounting. I just think hes better than them. I do not believe Jock Stein or Bill Shankly are better or on par with Ferguson.
The jokes are cringe
haha love it. and penalties/freekicks as well?
Obviously you've never heard him kick a football.
When it comes down to actual changes, yeah. He was a *very* good transition manager though, just a shame he was a club legend and the sacking was so dramatic
I don't think it should be but based on other calls it probably is
He gone
This what I want my fucking nephew to understand, hes been shouting since last night. Almost everyone even some of the madrid fans knew chelsea are the better team last night and have the upper hand, but nah the big cunt just wont get it.
Why? The club doesnt show loyalty to players so why should the players do the same?
I prefer "Scum" personally
I meant that it shouldn't count as handball for attackers either, when its smashed at them from a couple of metres out without time to react and hands sticking to their side
Like 99% of the Bundesliga defenders
He's Austrian
At this point they should just say fuck it and merge football and handball, get rid of the goalkeeper position and let everyone handball it in the box. Even that would only be slightly more ridiculous than the current situation
Best way they can is either split it by leagues if they differ too much *or* use it to compare the quality of keeper (xGC) and quality of long shooter.
Err...www.goal.com/en/amp/news/drunk-kroos-emergency-doctor-after-losing-to-chelsea/1atq8qdf4woe21um92ojf7t072
thats a brilliant goal, mount is the best player on the pitch rn
Because Chelsea fans don't shut the fuck up about Bayern, almost every Bayern transfer post there are Chelsea fans whining away in the comments.
Well its not as though Havertz has impressed with his performance either
Imagine you're Klopp and your analytics team advises the club signs a defender that was part of the worst run of form in Bundesliga history.On my mother's life, Liverpool's scouting network are against them.
They made two glaring mistakes, the rest of the match was similar levels from both teams. Still a decent team overall, Bayern declassed Atleti in the CL group stages, theyre still a decent team though, same principle.
I cant slide tackle wtf mate
op's point was that OGS is not a better manager than Mourinho, you responded that OGS' team is 5 points clear, i said that the reason for that was because OGS has spent a lot more... How is that not relevant to the point?
Klopp absolutely lost the plot.Why the fuck would you bring Salah off???
ah yes "attempt" to "shoot" in the 85th minute
erm TAA, you're a defender mate? try doing some defending?
4 UEFA Champions League trophies, not 5. He didn't move until after the 2014 World Cup, so he wasn't part of the Real Madrid squad that won in 2013-14. He is the only player to win the FIFA Club World Cup trophy 5 times, maybe you meant that?
Would be just a scratch
Based on this seasons form at least. They've both been shite but Pulisic has been a bit less shit I guess. Ziyech had those 2 games when he first got into the team, thats about all, been shocking the past few months
Its more of a big club shit
After yesterday's midfield performance I would hope Madrid see what a competent midfield looks like, theirs was dire.
Handballs should be an indirect fks in the box but pens in the 6 yard box, change my mindEdit: Ref can use the clear goalscoring opportunity and give a pen.
Congrats! Youve accepted mediocrity!
Casinos will be basing their expectations on the fact the hands are random (ie the person isnt counting cards). Thats why people get launched when they start counting cards
You are right, it's actually 6 points. Tottenham have two games in hand and even if they win they're still 6 points behind United.
"My favourite player is probably Marcos Alonso. I'm always trying to look at his game and see what he's doing so I can try and emulate it. My expected crashes have gone up since I started doing that."
Ha, I wish. But someone else got it.
TAA is being targeted by teams this season. He's poor defensively and Liverpool should sign another RB to put pressure on him.
Awful call. Fulham robbed
Thats fair.
Can we sub on puli and cho - wanna see them against this back line
so, we don't like pulisic now, right? i didn't follow up on certain accusations enough to know for sure
Because it hit his hand. That's the rule, sadly
he's responsible for my favourite Clasico moment. Brilliant run to set up Messi's winner in 2017
He wasnt offside.
Too close distance apparently
Automate VAR without the ridiculous manual line drawing
Its a mentality thing. You have to lead the pack and so you work harder. You can say its immature but its why 90% of kids in academys wash out compared to the 10% who dont
Exactly what I was thinking. Its like forwards are being punished for making that perfect off the ball run
Mount bossed salah there
Ben Davies must have been a fever dream.
Refs get graded based on how they perform according to these rules, not what looks natural. It would be noted as a mistake from the ref if he allowed the goal to stand.>An accidental handball by an attacking player or team-mate will only be penalised if it occurs immediately before a goal or a goalscoring opportunity.>If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence.https://www.premierleague.com/news/1820123
Thiago quitting munich to join this pool. Lmao
God knows if they're giving that as a pen, no consistency
As you can see, everyone thinks their team is the most versatile. But they will list players who have played 1 game in a different position and say they're versatile. Literally every team can claim that. Even at Everton, Ben Godfrey has played LB, CB, RB and defensive mid this year. Andre Gomes has played defensive mid, CM, AM and even as an inside forward. Basically every team is full of versatile players, it's just a matter of which teams need to use them in secondary positions due to injuries. Or if they have a manager that likes to experiment tactically like Guardiola.
Sounds like he's talking about the Prem
I feel like Im the only one who read this response as alluding to first CL final of more to come, and it was kinda lost in translation 
Just get Drogba back. Every other striker Chelsea try they seem to break.
Wow, didn't realise how well you have been doing. Which players have been key during this spell (ignoring messi)?
You are right. Its close enough though.
Wait...what?
If they both changed my Benfica significantly I'd stop supporting it either way, but I'd rather have an Arab investment because it looks like they leave the logo and general club identity the same.
kabak captained robbo
I already told you who will win the CL title. That's more than you deserve
I would love for Arsenal to be bought by an Arab prince.I wish it was us instead of City in 2008.
Not just lazy, completely brain dead. What did he think he was helping there?
Werner just being lazy now.
I don't exactly agree with the word "loyalty" in that Barca fan's comment because like you say it's easier to stay loyal to a big club, but the core of his comment was that as long as you pick a club and stick to it faithfully, you're not a fake fan. Now obviously a lot of people will pick success, it's human normality, but still they're real fans as long as they stick to it imo.
He liked some Qanon shit on insta recently so has been getting memed on.
He's alive!?
Inch perfect reply. Not too strong or weak, just enough to make you notice.It's like his passing lmao.
Pulisic is not good enough for a club of the stature of Chelsea in the longterm. Simply put
Okay, Jamie. Get off Reddit, you're at work.
This is how he was at Leipzig though, he was never like impressively clinical, that team just created alot of chances.
He lacks composure even though he's getting into good areas
What the hell happened to Mane this season?His form has dropped off a cliff.
Kante has been excellent! But his decision making with critical passes can be frustrating
Wjinaldum is absolutely shit, whoever his agent cons into signing him this summer is in for a shock
Were definitely conceding again
Premier league and NBA refs could switch jobs and they're both so shit no one would notice.
It hits his elbow/forearm with his arm partially tucked in from close range. He has his arms partially up to maintain balance and help him slow down. I've seen those given but it's not a blatant/ egregious handball . It's one of those if it's against your club you feel it's harsh but if it's against the competition you want it called
Oh Alisson
Id believe that if I started watching football in 2020.
I used to think he had a short stint there before he joined Napoli, maybe got confused because of Forlan and Falcao playing around that time.
Heart attack football rn
Went to see the stone roses at the Etihad once and it was literally a sea of bucket hats
Mane has quietly been shite this season
Lol, still couldnt resist a little dig by mentioning the first CL final.
Hes just looking for a reason to be offended
I remember saying at the beginning of the season hed be the best signing this window and people were telling me he hadnt been that good, the lads so calm and collected he could play in any league for any team
1) He just said 'good enough', not a word about adapting 2) Can you even predict how long a player will take adapting to a new league?
Yeah, a part he cant even play the ball with...
It was mane so it's fine
0-0 with 3 shots combined, 1 on target.You can all thank me later.
sick of being called a diver it seems
If that's a pen, so was the handball in their box. Don't act like they've been robbed
Its the perfect place for triggering/trolling absolute cesspool in the comments section
He was off anyway tbfEdit: /s ofc
You don't know what tucked in means then.
> This comment is probably going to look very absurd by the end of the season. Maybe it's me interpreting it wrong but to me, this comment implies that come end of the season, Tottenham are going to be in a better position than United. Which is what I was arguing against. Have no time to debate who the better manager is.
He should have either headed it or brought it down. He had quite a bit of time.
You know you just posted in it...?
People say Madrid don't have a coherent attack, but I don't agree. Vinicius is fast, Hazard is vast, and Benzema is past. They're a very good fit.
I know all the massive injuries and poor form but damn Liverpool have been downright boring to watch this season. None of that excitement from previous seasons
How was he baited lol? He did his talking on the pitch and gave a off the cuff remark to the press for the lulz in his interview after the game. Kroos sounds salty trying to get some response in that Mount will just brush off and ignore as its irrelevant to him now.
Yeah but it went out for a corner and we can't defend set pieces to save our lives haha
What? The CHO situation definitely ignited the feud and whilst the Havertz/Werner signings escalated it the main beef was about CHO. Also Bayern fans only got annoyed with Brazzo when they realised we werent one of those little BLs clubs who happily bend over backwards to take it in the ass. Once they realised we were a big club that couldnt be bullied then and only then did they want Brazzo to alter his behaviour. Prior to that Bayern fans openly supported Brazzos actions and were gloating about how they were going to take our best talent from us.So no it was not started because of the Werner/Havertz deals but instead because of the CHO one.(Where they got completely humiliated and humbled because he rejected their advances despite them offering the world to him)Lastly whilst we may not be the biggest club in the world were still a huge one and huge clubs get attention from the fans of others, something as a Tottenham fan you wouldnt have ever experienced.
Bittencourt seems like a smart guy
CA is having a decent season at E, wonder if hes gonna be able to get one over SA @ WBA tonight.
I cant imagine it without Muller getting snapped in two.
too much reliance on statistics nowadays
Easily the firstI'd rather be funded with blood money than called the Carabao Hotspurs
We do, but I feel the right player, idk if its even on the market but I hope it's being looked at could do the job of our double pivot alone. Neither Mcfred have quality, consistent defensive awareness, passing range, or a goal threat Scott has done well this season though and both are susceptible to an opponent press.Against better teams, it may be risky, but we have Pogba, Bruno, Rashford and we want a right winger. They're all better in advanced positions, and the only formation I can think of which plays all 4 ahead of the midfield, and with a striker, is the one I mentioned.
Thank you!
Agility equalFoot speed R9Ariel ability equal (neither prolific)Explosiveness R9Endurance equalId add strength into it which R9 was much stronger on the ball.
I've been watching every game for years now and we look absolutely dead on our feet in the last few weeks. I could swear it's a fatigue thing. the core of bobby - man - mo - trent - robbo - gini have just played so many fucking games
Noticed that today on mine. Let me know if you find out how to get rid.
Seems like he got R A T T L E D
Think they are focused on Mbappe and aren't in the best financial situation in general.
The rule sucks and Fulham were robbed. Oh well, we take the 3 points and move on. Missing: spurs flair
Remind me the Man City / Liverpool game, where the City game plan was just Sterling TAA 1 vs 1
0 english players says everything
fuck right off
Time to go sleeveless like basketball
I'll have you know I often refer to Lucas Moura as fascist Townsend
El chiringuito agrees with you
whenever you see this you shouldn't hold back any second, m8
Pep? the buddha himself?
uhh no comment
Nice from Jones that
This is good for the sport. This is what it needs
He doesn't offer much going forward anymore either though.Always looks off the pace
Agree with Simeone, Flick first should do it for another couple of seasons, right now he's more of a Zidane than a Pep.
Well if you're asking someone to support local because the club they are currently supporting is not local, then it's hypocritical to tell them to support the one 300 miles away.Because the end of the day, neither 300 nor 3000 is local.
Whether or not its technically offside, he surely hasnt gained an advantage in his arm being the tiniest bit offside. The rule is broken
Probably shouldn't be given, but that is absolutely called against other people. Question between consistency vs the right decision
The even more insane thing here is that if his arm isn't there, the ball hits his thigh and you get the exact same outcome.
He also benefits from client pundits: Keane and Neville are two influential figures in British football media. They make headlines and can create pressure. Scholes to a lesser extent. They would never tolerate this level of performance from someone they weren't personally loyal to.
@PL Why isn't Newcastle takeover still not going trough? Top 6 is really embarrassing to block the takeover. They're scared and don't want competition
I don't know why you are all complaining, this is part of the rules I posted a few days ago.  is when the ball hits the hand but not just the hand, the arm is counted as part of the hand but not the whole arm, just the bottom 2/3rds but not when the arm is in a natural position but only when the player doesn't have time to react **but not when you are an attacker, attackers get no time to react and attackers dont have natural arm positions** but not when it is a thursday or a late kick off on a sunday or when the seconds on the clock are a prime number but the shoulder does count if there were 3 cows on the parliament lawn on the wednesday before the last tuesday of last month but all that only applies if the game features a team that is from north of london and if the game is taking place south of london. It's a different set of rules of it features a team from south of london and is taking place north of london.
game is unironically gone
But it's not the same season. Every club is dealing with the same conditions and we're dealing with them better than anyone else except City. It's not like all of our top 4 rivals have independently been afflicted with something that we haven't had to deal with (Van Dijk's injury aside).
Summer 2022. He has 1 more year, utf usually offer extensions very quickly. There's no news about this one though
Yeah. Mount sort of misinterpreted what he Kroos said. He said doesn't lose sleep over individuals and then Mount said he should lose sleep over Chelsea as a team.
ziyech-havert-mount in the same team just screams idiocy to me, 2 of those in the same team is enough, i'd say it's difficult to see havertz-ziyech play together, even if the positions are different, both are left footed creators who like to stay in the attacking right halfspace, why they didn't go for some veteran midfielder is beyond me.Rakitic would've been good.
Take the fucking upvote and go
Unreal player. If you dont rate him now, you should just watch something else I swear
Should give Pulisic the armband, heard his type love to wear them
Yes you broke the secret code, this is an amazing strategy /s
Disallow that you freaks
Tuchel has turned Christensen into a different player
Too many games, not enough of a break between them, no fans, VAR, predictable domination by the super-rich clubs. The Premier League is depressing to watch at the moment.
Such a satisfying stride
I think well be back to being a good team the second Fabinho and Henderson starts playing in the midfield three again.
Feels like prem refs have been told they need to bring the penalty average down. At this point its just obvious corruption.
im actually shocked
If we win against Atletico and Atalanta especially with our players back and at this point of the season, it's going to be hard for us to drop too many points.We've always been a team of momentum, and those wins will give us enough momentum to see a lot of games through.
Mbappe's acceleration is also ridiculous. He's faster than R9 without the ball
Should've embellished then
He was a kid its okay we all make mistakes 
Is this a meme? Because he was an Arsenal player during the invincibles if I am not wrong.
Gay Bayern fans must be having the biggest dilemma rn
Can we please, please, PLEASE stop doing these from next season onwards? Use VAR to overrule blatantly wrong decisions and stop inventing these fucking millimetre-long sleeve offsides.
Say what you want about Werner, hes clear of Firmino in this game
Standards set too high with the Matip and Van Dijk signings. Waaaaay too high.
How??? isn't that right on his body?????
It's given the phrase "barmy army" a new meaning
>the overwhelming consensus would have been that's a bullshit penalty and VAR is ruining the gamePossibly. And these people would have been correctly called out for blaming the wrong instance. That IS a penalty according to the rules, and if it was called, it would have been because of shitty rules, not shitty VAR.
Sean Dyche is the best English manager at the moment, Arteta would do well to listen to him
Doherty is a wingback.
Get Havertz on. Honestly can't watch ziyech's corpse on the field anymore.
WERNER Allison lol
You didnt score after he came on. Only beforehand
Hiring Ole was a stroke of genius from our owners. They won't need to back him consistently since he's a company yes man, and top 4 battle mediocrity year after year will be excused by the fans because they are blinded by sentimentality.We will never go anywhere with Ole and his average coaching staff. But he will also never get sacked unless he drops off hard in the table. Depressing.
How many times has Werner been called offside? It seems like a ton the disallowed goal aside
The ball will do all the running, in his case.
wtf lmao
same here, good luck to you both
They should stay here, doubt anyone would complain.
Is he back this season?
My friend said that Sevilla has a better defense than PSG, is this true?
I approve.
This is the correct decision. Everyone here is arguing about how shit the actual rule is...
this looks like something made by an instagram page for likes.
Holy shit Firmino
The closer we get to the Qatar world cup, the more people talk about boycotting it. The problem is, it's hard for us to make a difference as individuals.What if we boycotted it as a sub? As in, no match threads and no posts of goals. Reddit is one of the largest sites in the world, and highly-upvoted r/soccer posts make it to the front page without a problem. We would really be stopping a lot of eyes from seeing the World Cup. We could just discuss everything in the DD.Thoughts?
that's some bullshit
The "points behind top" metric is simple - doesn't mean it's reductive.
I would die laughing because for a long stretch we were worse than Liverpool are now, and not a little bit worse we were legit the worst team in the league for a while lmao
4-4-2 diamond is still commonly used
I wasn't being serious but Mount had a smile giving out hugs and that smile disappeared when he dapped up Timo
He's definitely in a tier if his own. He's the only manager in the world who's already seen as a top 5 manager of all time and arguably even the greatest ever. The only one who's anywhere near that type of legacy is Mourinho (top 15 all time), but he's not even one of the best in the world anymore. And it's not like Pep has declined just because he hasn't made a CL final. He's a better manager now than he was in 2011 and still the best in the world a decade later. He has created the most dominant English team ever and changed the English football identity into a modernised one. No one is as successful or influential as he is. 30 trophies in 11 years with a good chance to make it 31-35 in 12 years this year. He'll have the second most trophies in history this year. And his current form is a historic 21 game winning run being favourites for every single trophy.
Can someone explain these rules to me cause that seems clear as day handball
Imaging thinking antifa are fighting against fascists
Never got the love for it, the front looks like a victorian factory and the other three sides are basically just massive bike sheds.
Werner can't catch a break lmao
People who says its wrong do not know the rules. Correct call as it was a handball immediately before the goal.You can complain about that rule and want a change, but its a correct call.
Definitely KDB and Zinchenko, doesn't help that they can play in similar positions when KDB drift out/Zinchenko cuts in
I think there's an element of truth to this but signing Ruben Dias has had a bigger impact than tactical developments. Just like when Liverpool signed Van Dijk, when your defensive set up is really solid it frees up your team going forward. But for sure, Pep has always given his team good tools to find space, create overloads or 1v1s, and break teams down which has continued this season.
Fuck off mane
it just screams complacency and stubbornness for me, a terrible mentality for a manager to have
Yeah that's why he has four promotions out of the Championship as well as managing for many years in the Prem.
I'm not sure if Tuchel doesn't rate Pulisic anymore OR is trying to protect him from injury because he's made of cracked porcelain OR already knows what Pulisic is all about and is still trying to get a feel for the rest of the squad. Or maybe all of the above.
Kroos knows fluent English, most Germans especially an educated one like him has no issue with a simple sentence like tha, besides its him himself saying it in the tweet. Its no big deal, harmless fun
Chelsea having a field day with Trent. Add in Firmino and Chelsea are basically playing against 9 players
Why is Firmino still on the pitch
People will still despise Mount.
Heavily expected to go to Roma at the end of the season.
Yes, actually. Apparently they're brothers
Jorginho makes Chelsea a better team imo
or is it because of how the tactics are setup or could it be because players lack the stamina?
Nearly 600 minutes without a goal at home in open play, fuck me.
I see.So they'd rather have good local talent than someone from abroad? Hmm. Makes sense. If my country was to have league I'd also prefer local talent getting more opportunities.
I just hope Klopp doesn't mention that pen decision at the end... It won't be the reason for getting outplayed.
Were close to finishing one. We need to buy a CB, and find solutions(whether transfers or players we already have) at ST(possibly Martial/Cavani, possibly Greenwood/Cavani), at RW(Amad/Shola?) and DM(McTominay/Fred/Garner?), with RB backup(Williams/Laird?). Thats a summer of transfers, especially if we can offload the rest of the deadwood.
can someone explain to me why Firmino hasnt been taken off??
> Nah, its more likeProceeds to repeat exactly what OP wrote
I hate the rule, but I'm surprised to see the stunned reaction as though this is a new thing or the ref making a mistake. It's not even the first time it's impacted Tottenham. A goal was disallowed in the Liverpool game for this reason and Kane also had a goal disallowed last season which was equally ridiculous.
So fragile
The lack of crowds really doesnt help Martin Tyler. No atmosphere and you can hear him breathing, sounds like hes taking gulps from an oxygen tank - just needs to be put into a home now or something.
I really wish our fans stopped pretending our McFred midfield is good
Watching Pedri he just looks like he has rare technical ability. Fati is younger and produced better results but imo Pedri is more promising
Nope it wont be enough. We need to spend and break up the front 3 personally
Not heard that one yet thats pretty good lol
thats a great clearance from robertson but terrible keeping, why is he palming it back in the danger zone
Nonchalestry
Colin Bell or Shay Given
You're clueless
Its mom
Counterpoint: players that constantly perform well with an affordable price tag would garner more hype since what matters at the end is how they impacted the team.Example for this: Bruno fernandes, Fede valverde, Pedri, llorente.
that was the most unconvincing finish i've ever seen
Ziyech for Hudson-Odoi at some point surely
This might be the worst call ive ever seen for a handball with VAR
Not many Premier league players were world class, however you want to define it, for a majority of the decade. Van Dijk was the best center half in the world almost unanimously for those 2 years, and almost won the Ballondor. That outweighs players like Cahill or Azpilecueta, who while good, were never considered as the absolute best in the PL a lot of the time. Theres some no gos like Kompany Aguero and David Silva, whove been absolutely quality for a long long time. But your not going to find many premier league players who were world class for 5 years. Those world class seasons stack up to the best center backs of this generation, which I value more than just playing for slightly longer. He also performed in europe a lot better than most others.
*cries in a second hand G29, while hoping for a fanatec*
That big switch pass finds him and they pour forward.
What a goal
It always make me laugh when I see foreign Liverpool fans on here hating Everton. That makes zero sense. Theres no reason for them to hate Everton at all.
I know that this is the original, but it still doesn't feel right.
Shaun Goater.
Mount had just helped chelsea get out of trouble at the back and 30 secs later this goal, class player.
Haha fucking hell
lmao lads wanking off Ziyech in the match thread.
To be fair, he is by far the youngest of the lot so I'd be a bit more lenient towards him. Ziyech is the weird one for me. He was a serious player at Ajax.
that's the fucking joke smart guy
What the fuck are the VAR officials actually smoking?
8 pts between them and Leeds in 11th. The way Liverpool are right thats only 3 more losses.
He was offside by a tiny margin thanks to the rule change which allows players to play the ball from the sleeve line up.
Lmao of course
Exactly this, I'd even go as far saying no one in this sub would do a better job than Woodward and Bartomeu let alone people who are actually competent at their jobs.
Antifa hazard is on the fieldCmon guys this was funny
That would be a travesty.
Whos your favorite current player at your club?It was Lo Celso before he decided to be a moron and breach quarantine, so now I suppose that its Ndombele.
And even is shooting is like peak Hleb
He started and turned down taking a penalty in the shootout even though he was a good pk taker
dw zlatan dosent care about bums, next time take care of your underwears
He shouldve been sent of already in the 5th minute of the game. He had a nasty tackle on Isco from behind with straight leg hitting Iscos heel, nowhere near the ball.
We dont get chances like that, thats what pisses me off about the way we play now
I'm well aware if that but how could I be sleep at night taking away a goal for this. Also what if this is the difference in a team going down.
How was that not a penalty? Anyway, makes up for the offside
People realize that if the ball strikes hand/arm and the play leads to a goal its automatically handball right? Like there is no judgment call to be made here?
That's a fantastic through ball from Rudiger, split the defence to find Man perfectly.
HODL THE LINE
I know it is Chelsea, but that is insane. Even they can't buy a new 1st team keeper every season. Think this is more of a FM/FIFA opinion than unpopular
90% of twitter is braindead bullshit, I can't believe people spend more than 2 minutes a day on that platform or facebook. Those sites are cancer in digital form.
Tbf I think it's coming back
Probably not a facist, but holds very questionable views supposedly and is also supposedly a trump supporter.
Most big brands are a bit shit. At least Adidas can go safe and not look as bland as Nike.Shame NB is sponsoring less teams, because their Liverpool home kits were pretty good.
Anyone read about the Laureus Sportsman of the year award ceremony? Think Rafa over Lewandowski is more than debatable.
Slow centre back pairing. High line against Werner? Amazing decision really
That's one of the worst, most forced jokes I've ever seen
Kroos is a savage. Savage!
This is the only correct answer.
Levy gifted a Tottenham book to a Saudi royal/minister and even that already made me feel ill. Imagine seeing MBS in the stadium.
We know how it feels Chelsea fans. We've been on the wrong side of that call many times. Ridiculous call.
People actually like Kroos? First that whole thing with Aubameyang, now this. The fact he dismissed Ozils claim for racism. One of the most unlikeable players for me. The again he plays for madrid so there is a big bias.
In a sporting model where the board and coaching team work together, they aren't. Both things are needed to sell a player, otherwise it doesn't happen (see Eto'o 2008 for example).
Lad they could get champions league
They want him to chop his arm off. Rule change 4 incoming.
Whats the most fucked youve been at a football stadium? I once fell asleep in my seat and missed the whole first half.
Lukaku has been way better of recent
4-3-3 is an outdated formation especially this season. Even pep shifted to a 4 2 3 1 this season due to that. Most teams have figured out a way to counter it with a 6-3-1 defensive block atleti vs Liverpool last season or any of our Manchester derby games.I don't get the obsession of trying to change the entire system to play specific set of players in specific positions together. 4-2-3-1 suits us and our full backs well and unless you're willing to sacrifice shaw's attacking output, a 4-3-3 with two AM roles simply won't work at all.
No, I wouldnt say so.
a fucking sleeve? in what universe do these people live in?
A master of nonchalantnessship.
Thiago completely dominated Chelsea last year, look how this Liverpool team destroyed him :-(
Dont brentford use it already?
Managed to find an English link https://nltimes.nl/2021/03/04/amsterdam-man-convicted-sex-club-slayings-shot-dead-front-daughter-7
He doesn't like these people:  What's not to like?
Yeah I've developed this love hate relationship with pre-2018 matches, I love them and love reliving the memories but I hate how nostalgic they make me when a player scores a goal, glances over to the linesman and goes fucking nuts with the crowd.
"Natural Position" Where else is Leminas arm supposed to be!Fucking how is he supposed to move when the ball comes from 20cm away from him!And Peter Walton can fuck off as well! "Under the law it should be disallowed" and then quotes the law from LAST YEAR which was changed this year!Complete fucking Joke!
fuck sake it's ridiculous
Wtf! Huh genuinely what the fuck!!
It could only happen with no keeper in goal
All social media is. Reddit is about 2% better
Schrodinger's club
Yeah it's an awful season.
I genuinely don't know what you're trying to say
Bayern is probably the team with most versatile players. Alaba(Lb, CB, DM): Hernandez (LB,CB): Davies(LW,LB): Pavard/Sle(RB,CB): Kimmich(Anywhere): Goretzka(CM,DM,AM): Mller(ST,RW,AM): Gnabry(AM,ST,LW,RW): Sane/coman(RW/LW): Musiala(Am,LW): Tolisso(Cm,DM,AM) What is the second most versatile club squad right now? Or do u think some club is more versatile than us?
Mason Offside this Mount
That is an absolute BS decision. However, considering all the shit decisions spurs have had over the years specifically thinking of the Dier handball v Newcastle earlier this year... not going to complain.
yeah of course, but they'd rather we did it too obviously. We lit up the Allianz Arena in rainbow colours recently but wearing the rainbow flag on the jersey instead of the disgustig Qatar shit would be a great signal too.
Futbol miss him so much
10/10 bait
We probably won't get top 4 in the end but how can you say we aren't in the fight for it when we're only 4 points behind?
Wow... really?Seriously though, lop off his arms, what changes?
What arr his political views?
Hahahaha
Don't forget Spurs and Villa.
As it stands, Everton are 3 points clear of Liverpool with a game in hand
I mean even if you qualify for the CL there's a chance you drop down to EL again
This is what I mean - it's mathematically possible, but there's a cat in hell's chance of it actually happening.You'd roll your eyes at me saying it's still possible we can win the league, and rightfully so.
Great save, even better for pushing it out of the danger zone!
I liked Aryan Robben
Haaland ruled out a move to Chelsea didn't he?
*yawn* Surely you have better bait than this, I'll give you an award and upvote for your effort however.
Its that or top 4.
True but not in this case
>Darwin Nuez signed by Wolves for 40M. Here we go!
if someone could clatter that fascist sympathising yank that'd be great
The way Thiago gives the ball away just soundssss different.
would he even be a sensible tranfer for them ? hes turning 29 in 3 months and real dont have that much money while needing to buy a central striker for the future.
Also amusing how Griezmanns ex club is literally bankrolled by a Chinese consortium and it had no affect.
It's honestly mad how much time you spend and chances you miss by just blanking and staring at a wall. I'm really lucky I have a caring partner for when it gets bad, cuz fucking hell it would be bleak otherwise. I'm glad to hear you're doing better now.
Lmao where does that salt come from.
Premier league title the way we did last season / 5th straight home lossSomething something balanced
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Mason Mount. The value he brings is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical football most of the greatness will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Mount's holistic passing vision, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his football philosophy draws heavily from Frank Lampard literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these skills, to realise that they're not just flashy - they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Mount truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humor in Mount's existential catchphrase "I dont know," which itself is a cryptic reference to The Three Lions' epic 4-1 against Holland. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Gareth Southgate's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. And yes, by the way, i DO have a Mason Mount tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own preferably lower beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 
the same thing over and over
Subbing on a right winger.
or both, don't ask me how this is possible. anything is possible on Reddit
What a finish
He's moving for fuck sake, where is his arm supposed to go?! Down by his side like a fucking robot?
I definitely meant to use the word fowl instead of penalty, but both Man and Mount in the last couple of minutes off the top of my head at least
It's the end of the shirt sleeve apparently. Should be onside regardless, he's level.
Its only been 20 minutes?? Tf
I'm aware, he looked good for a few games when he first returned from injury but quickly lost form, even before he got injured again. I was judging the players solely off what they offer the team at the moment, Ziyech should be nowhere near the team right now. He's literally only been a hindrance the past month or two, gives the ball away in dangerous positions, makes awful decisions, slows the attack
We had a few matches set up like that and it didn't work great. There isn't a lot of CB depth at the moment so think it exposes a weakness in the squad. I do think with an added CB in the off-season, a front three of Kane, Son and Dele / Lo Celso with Ndombele and Hjoberg behind could work well. I know I love Poch's 343 back in 2016 so it would be great to see something like that again.
Partey made his own choice, he picked money over football which is fair enough in life but he doesn't deserve sympathy as he knew what he was getting into.
Unnecessary, uncalled for
I mean, if he wasnt immense, say he just had two good to great seasons, he wouldnt be there. But even Terry only had, maybe 2 good years come the turn of the decade. Azpilecueta is an alternative that I agree could be argued, said it in another comment.
Public Internet forum for a sport littered with bantering scenarios?
Both are good players but very limited. Fred can't pass at all. Scott is just fairly average across the board. We need players who are specialists in their position. One world class CDM should be able to do both of their jobs and to arguably a better standard and free up Pogba, VDB and Bruno to go forward which will improve our chances of breaking down teams which is where we struggle currently.
That said i do think the injuries of Liverpool defenders do have an effect on their strikers morale and performances. They'd probably feel more confident if they weren't conceding that much.
Ha, I see.
Us? No.
Haha yeah no theyre big on it, explains their crazy striker production
He's also not done it on a Tuesday night in Stoke, absolute fraud
There's really no chance they don't make Europe though. We can talk about all the unlikely outcomes and possibilities but there's no way Liverpool aren't getting at least Europa.
Take off Firmino and Mane. Put on Jota and milner.
From what I remember when they changed the handball rules following those 2 games, Foden's would be allowed and Moura's wouldn't.
But you're not an Everton fan, so that isn't as funny.Also, pointing out that Everton won't finish top 4 is like saying grass is green. Isn't even worth mentioning.
Benjamin,  Nampalys,   Edouard,
Possible but very unlikely. As much as a trophy would be a dream come true, he is still very inexperienced and it's a risk to bet on him next season
I like Jones but I really want to see what a full strength Liverpool will look like
Anyone else watch the Rangers vs Livingsone game? If so do you think that Rangers should have got a penalty?
Ali ffs
He doesn't "need his transfers", he makes them. The guy was the manager of Hoffenheim for years and helped them to promote from the Regionalliga third division to the Bundesliga. He makes due with what he gets.
why does half the Chelsea team look like a fuckboy you'd do coke with in the toilet of a London night club?
That is absolutely criminal goalkeeping by Alisson again. He's outside the penalty area as the ball is played forward, starts to come, changes his mind and then comes again, and it's too late.He's been saved once again by the bullshit that is being given offside because your arm is slightly closer to the goal than the last defender. This fucking nonsense has to change.
Por que no Los dos?
hes not getting sacked
That doesn't make any sense. The offside rule is clear: if you can legally score a goal with a body part, you can be offside from that body part. I'm not sure anyone could clearly describe the handball rules anymore and that really could've gone either way.
No, hes a troll.
How is this the refs fault? Lol. This sub sometimes.
Why? Kroos sounds like a salty old man. Mount just made an off the cuff remark in his post-match pressers after a win, literally the only appropriate place to make comments. Kroos out here trying to win the social media battle to make himself feel better after losing the actual battle. Mount won't even respond to this as the exchange is now irrelevant to him and the team going forward.
I mean he was the POTY favourite before he even stepped on the pitch lol
I wonder what team you are a fan of. I'm thinking it starts with "b"
What do you think the rule should be so that it leaves no grey area and also never will have dumb things like this happen?
When United finish 2nd and we finish 7th?
Christ that sounds pretty fucked up.
Correct me if Im wrong but didnt Kroos mean that he doesnt get nervous before even biggest games? He didnt mean to disrespect Chelsea In Particular
I agree... Seems to me like he's wishing him future success.
yeah, we need a goal ...
Given that Kroos never gets nervous or terribly emotional about football, probably not. For what its worth, many of us think people are being ridiculously oversensitive about Hazard too. But thats a large fanbase for you. There are always noisy fans who go to extremes.Good luck in the final. Would rather you win than City.
they need to change that rule asap. gotta cut his arm off to avoid that.
Balds, yanks and SuperLeague supporters, the 3 most hated groups on .
The Carlo way.
Excellent attempt by Ziyech
I think thats preposterous, but each to their own I suppose.
Timo was pointing in behind telling his team mates where he wanted the ball so he clearly gained a massive advantage from his arm being offside /s
Kante for all his ability to win the ball always seems to screw up the decision with passing
Haha fair play
Don't act like an 8 year old. Manners maketh man. Son, let me tell you about a guy called Lampard who used to play for Chelsea and the reason he was my favourite player at Chelsea is because in addition to being a very good player he knew how to handle himself on and off the pitch. When Barcelona knocked out Chelsea in 2009 in a fixed match all Chelsea players lost head. It was only Lampard who behaved professionally and even respecfully swapped Jersey with Iniesta who scored the goal. This behaviour was praised by Sir Alex Ferguson when he was asked about which footballer young players should look up to. Yes it can get ugly, unjust, bad day or poor performance but a professional footballer should always behave nicely. I am a Chelsea fan and Mount is a great prospect and I want him to be like Lampard who remained calm and never attacked others unless someone provoked him Fabregas 2007 and 2012. I hope Mount doesn't turn into some of those arrogant liverpool players like Robertson and Trent. Both of them are good footballers but disgrace professional. PT: Mount hasn't won the cl final yet I hope he does now or he will look like a fool. I hope Mount respects Kross.
Lmao the delusion to compare the two
Don't forget the United fans bashing both players.
The rule isa goal scored or created with the use of an accidental handball will not count.
For an arsenal fan, yeah. But to me this was probably one of the most entertaining seasons watching them in shambles.
Thing is apparently their board doesnt care about trophies.
Can you count to two
I cant see any Liverpool flairs?
The "spirit" of the game has been pissed and shat on. Fuck this sport. Fuck this fucking sport.
Not sure, though he's trying to cover his up with that beard, so he may be.
When it comes to letting managers go at the right time, Arsenal football club is such a joke. Wenger shouldve been let go after the first trophy in the banter years. Emery shouldve been let go after the shambles of season followed by the EL final cock up. Arteta shouldve been let go around the period Lampard was but alas here we are again. Get in a proper manager whos got experience at managing players into producing results not the next clown clone.
Kroos want bigger pay. Bayern said no, we got Gotze. Kroos said ok and went to Madrid. Madrid said thanks.
The ball is very high. Hard to get pace on it then.
WERNER I ACTUALLY CAN'T
Jesus fucking Christ thats atrocious. Fuck VAR
haha, VVD covering for his mistakes? that's some weird revisionism and it makes no sense. he is a better shot stopper though. footwork? it aint boxing. no explanation why alison is picked over him either i see.typical revisionism when a team goes through shit form.
I personally haven't seen anyone make fun of Arsenal for winning the FA Cup. We were in the semis and we'd have loved to win it ourselves. Don't know what you're on about. Besides, stop generalising these statements. Different people can have different opinions, within the same fanbase.
The offside lark really is such bollocks with VAR. I can't even be satisfied with that being ruled out, there's just no way that's offside.
Here we have one. A prime example
They did like a minute ago when I made this comment.
Doing an Eden Hazard
Unfortunately, he started against Madrid.
Ramos.
Nikola igi
Tottenham CB redemption arc starring Toby + Sanchez.Turns out RB and LB kinda sus.
Just gonna leave this here...Were truly a magical club, literally
I thought it was bang out of order how a good 70% of them behaved, really compromising the user experience for others on here.
Another West Ham fan has arrived! Their numbers are increasing too fast.
It fits better than this one
I didnt see Gndogan backing up Ozils claims when he shares the same ethnicity as him, face it you are just being racist towards ethnical Germans lmao.
2 passes happened afterwards so it was allowed to count
Let's stop making fun of Pulisic, he's just a very proud boy
Who the fuck is Fiminho ?
The first letters of each surname spell out Z O N A LNot sure if this is relevant but there you go.
The analytics team told them to sign a young CB from Schalke that has given up like 80 goals this season. Superb work
if he plays shit he's gets criticism. whys he playing if he's not in a state to do so
Same with the Liverpool subs. It's fun to watch but also sad tbh
Praying we scam a team into paying 60m for Darwin Nunez
Rolling xGD. If you're creating more and better chances whilest conceding less chances, you're probably making good progress. League position and points can fluctuate based on rivals performances or luck
Unless you're German, you have no legitimate reason to hate RB Leipzig and you're just jumping on a bandwagon
I'm not trying to drag arguments here. I wanted to have more opinions on the subject, while providing two different point of views.
Youre so focused on your whole dear boy routine that you can even spell Kroos name correctly. Mount was responding to comments made by Kroos in the media which he interpreted as a slight against him, are you even aware of the context surrounding this situation? I dont really see how Klopps assistant saying something means its open season on Klopp but addressing comments actually made by Kroos is so taboo, sounds like a double standard to me. Lampard was also a managerial newcomer at the time targeting two veteran managers.
Recent success has gone to their heads
You think he will get a new contract?
> On paper maybe, but AWB currently doesn't have the skills to perform that role. His ability on the ball pales in comparison to Matuidi or Shaw. Matuidi isn't a technical genius either though. The point of that role is to assist the midifeld and keep it from getting overrun. AWB would primarily used to press and defend in this role> Honestly it depends on the opposition, there's no reason why it can't be situational, I totally agree and said as much in another comment here. Pogba at LW definitely has it's merits, as does pogba in the pivot IMO
Most of them are
It won't matter because it's an own goal in the end but that finish from Alli was legit awful it didn't even look close to going in
Kids troll, get used to it or go back to screaming at those darn kids and their rock n roll music!
Games gone fuck the FA
If he is backed properly can he compete against klopp and pep?
That's at least twice I've seen Chilwell completely over hit his crosses.Does he do that often?
Reading isnt your strong point is it
good back pass from Ziyech thaat
Best RB, and one of the best number 10s. He's been absolutely brilliant in every position he pops up in
How is Leipzig not decent? Christ you people sometimes...
He joined us when VVD Gomez Matip and Hendo were fit so it was a different situation then
I think that most of us are rooting for you guys. I really hope that they give hell to Pep
That's how it is for everyone, sometimes it just isn't worth coming on
It was too high for a proper finish but if he can get any kind of angle on that it makes it much harder for alisson. Not the worst miss in the world though
Has your balls dropped yet kid? It can be a part of the game once the player wins something in his career. The biggest achievement so far in Mounts career is playing for Chelsea.... Imagines Spurs or Arsenal players trying to chat shit now.
If tuchels job also depends on Werner scoring goals, he might as well pack his bags now
Im taking bets on what hand ball will be next week.
Correct call. Everyone knows the laws when you start the game. Stop crying and get on with the game FFS
2019 VARPool back tears in my eyes
There is literally no potential manager mentioned that excites me. Paired with the uncertainly over Kane, I'm starting to get very worried about the immediate future.
Whos on VAR tonight?
Everyone misses chances but someone like Suarez finishes chances that others don't and creates even better chances for his teammates. I can't see how you could think he would have little impact on their league position.
>Ederson>Cancelo - Stones - Dias - Shaw> De Bruyne - Gundogan - Fernandes> Sterling - Cavani - RashfordWouldn't let me share it for some reason.
Chelsea plays good Football. I would never imagine saying that to Chelsea LOL
Definitely wont be following the summer transfer window, will be the usual of going in with certain expectations and getting them gradually lowered throughout the summer until getting a mediocre CB and paying a release clause on deadline day can be called an edu masterclass, all while we missed players in key areas.
Wish Man and Mo "dived" as much as this sub makes out they do. How VAR isn't giving that I don't know, we'd seen it again before the ball was back in play.
I don't follow Scottish football. I only knew he spent time there before United.
Giroud on for Warner 72nd minute and will score a brace.Don't @ me.
And? Have you seen the clubs he managed? Wigan, Sunderland and Hull were all in the PL (I think) when he left them and they're all in league 1 now. Birmginham are also stuck in the Champ. Newcastle is his first big job in the PL and its run by an idiot that has failed every manager before Bruce too.
Oh Mason, that's magnificent.
short term loss for a long term gain? Not really.
Yea no way we're getting top 4 this season.
put your house on 0-0 it's gonna be actually uninteresting.
Or just remove it entirely. It's either a handball or not, I'm not really sure what this extra little wrinkle adds to the game.
Sure it's arbitrary, but it is very clear. If the player that touches with hand or arm scores or if it goes from them to another player who immediately scores then it's a handball. In other words, the goal scorer or the assister. If there is another pass in between then it's not a handball.
RB coaches thread had me looking at old Trapattoni rants and his first press conference as Ireland coach is absolutely brilliant. that man is speaking three languages at once and none at the same time.
He said in terms of accomplishments so I think he means how many trophies they have won
that is no debate thee worst handball ive ever seen
Feels like the first time Werner has scored like this all season.
you good?
why weird? it's not completely off topic. it's the 1st thing i had to think of when i read your dialogue. it fits the theme, since homosexuality is still a taboo topic, even in "progressive" countries. but yeah, i'm actually with you, that whole 'no homo' thing is not productive in changing the problem. if you think about it it's exactly as you say.the video is essentially either a guy fairly obviously being a closeted gay or a 5d troll playing a closeted gay. the fact that the former is very likely shows how difficult the whole topic is. people were/are basically killed or banned from their communities for being gay, it was forbidden in the law not too long ago etc.
We've been playing the same brand of football in big games since we got battered by Spurs, we've had some shocking performances, especially in the Champions League, that you can't put down to fatigue.Players are knackered now because Ole doesn't rotate his squad properly, hence he doesn't get the best out of it. We have Telles, Van de Beek, Tuanzebe, Williams, Mata, etc as rotation options, but we never see them. He's playing Bruno and Rashford in Europa games - Ole is the reason why the squad's so tired. We might not have the quality of City, but we certainly have the bodies to cover cup competitions, whilst keeping the first team fresh. I don't understand why it would be 2 steps back? Look at Tuchel - he's come into Chelsea and you can see his influence already. It was the same with Pep, Klopp, Ancelotti, Mourinho, etc when they were appointed.We don't have a flow to disrupt - we've won 2 out of the last 8 games with City up next.
Please let that be a confident booster.
Or more than one of the most creative players in Europe who used it to analyse his game.
Football is so gone this is so wank
Still 10 pts in first game, he did enough
Yeah I think that match was definitely when other fans really started to take notice. Great performance that.
Happy enough.He made a ridiculously stupid error of judgement, which he eventually put right. Other than that he runs the club quite sensibly.
Lol how is criticizing a team or league the same as criticizing it's fans?
Fabinho out here looking like Caillou
The biggest difference is. If this was valverde we would already give up. But wit koeman we did fight till the end and i love that. Even if we didnt go through i would still be proud of my team because they gave everything unlike the games against liverpool and roma
These match threads are so much better than those chatrooms you get on illegal streams lol
Cheers Geoff
shuttup u egg
Its not harsh, its a fucking crime
He was expected to play in a midfield 3 with Fabinho and Henderson to be fair
Are you really going to take that out of context? I'm not saying that they have the same amount of loyalty as a 3rd tier fan but there are plenty of people who do switch clubs, so they're at least better than them, no?
Ederson   Walker Dias Stones Cancelo       Rodri  Foden Fernandes KDB Sterling         Cavani?
Absolute Saltman!
Was he not really good at Vitesse? Never saw him play a full match but his stats and occasional highlights posted to looked good.
such an insanely soft yellow as well.
Has Kenny Dalglish left something in the oven that he's checking on at half time?
Pedro also has insane record.5 La Liga3 UCL1 Premier league1 Europa league1 World cup1 Euro championahipAlso like 12 other cups like Copa del Rey super cups, fa cup. Club World cups.
Punished Pulisic.
That's fucked man, how does a hand being offside give an advantage
Where has anyone blamed this form solely on VVD being out? Liverpool have been decimated with injuries this season, karma for being pretty much injury free the last two seasons, for last nights game alone we had VVD, Gomes, Matip and Henderson out injured from the first team, meaning we also have Fabinho in defence rather than protecting it in midfield, coming back from Injury we had Milner and Jota, clearly there is a lot more wrong with Liverpool than just VVD being outDoesnt make any of the good enough but take the spine out of any side and they will struggle, Liverpool are no different.
Liverpool have ~~Cheese touch~~ Champions curse
A proper german 80s game here.
I'd hate it too. I now see the point you initially made about this
Yeah I get why Germans get worked up about it. They have the right considering their rules and traditions.But why would non-Germans who are fans of privately owned clubs be outraged?
Shades of Hazard to say the least
Aurier and regui have only just come back from injury. It's unfortunate but necessary I guess
I think this proves, if anything, Van Dijk was underpaid. I wonder if this leads to a spike in defenders pricing with how much liverpool feels his absence and the immediate impact of Dias at City
Been a lot of em this season
6 points off United if they win next 2.And United have west ham and city up next
unfortunately not, as you got 5 upvotes
So you want to swap hood players for not good players?I really hope Im falling foul to /s lol It is early after all
I used to have an intrusive thought when I was about to brush my teeth. It was, "Time to Brussia Dortmund my teeth". Happy that that stopped sometime.
What the fuck is he supposed to do. Hand by this side and the ball is kicked front a couple feet away.
Carrick and Solskjaer, the dream lawyer duos.
"Chance for a counter" So Chilwell knocks it bakcwards right away ofc.
Then we'll bitch about how 2 cm off the body is harsh. Or when the under arm is off the body but upper arm is tucked and then it hits the middle somewhere. I mean just search on this reddit, handball controversy discussions go as far back as the sub exists and through multiple rules.
jota on immediately
Great play by Kova.
who else do you want to start
fair point I haven't watched all their games this season but I agree with their link up being a bit rougher than usual
Mendy scares the fuck out of me with the ball at his feet
The hand was by the body. No way this is a hand. The referees are just incompetent as a result giving a negative name to VAR
Amputate them already
Southampton were first very briefly (I think for like an hour or so).
Aiming for geographical balance.Dublin: Croke Park (82k) Aviva (52k)London: Wembley (90k) Twickenham (82k)Glasgow: Parkhead (60k) Edinburgh: Murrayfield (67k)Cardiff: Millennium (74k) Manchester: Old Trafford (74k)Newcastle: St James Park (52k)Birmingham: Villa Park (43k) - would need expansion Bristol: Ashton Gate (28k) - would need expansion Southampton: St Marys (33k) - would need expansion In reality the bid would be dominated by English stadiums, and the GAA would cry about Croke Park being used.
If you like some outdated ones I recomend Manchester United from last PL winning season. The scotish one. Looks great wearing casual clothes.
Give him what he wants. Just because he's an academy player doesnt mean he should be exploited.
> In the past we were unable to calculate weather in terms of downfall and wind speed, nowadays were only getting more accurate for forecasts 3 or 4 days in the future.And they still get it wrong. We were supposed to have overcast and rain today but I'm looking at a blue sky. Snow on the ground. I don't know enough about meteorology to explain the cause of different weather outcomes, but something tells me that it's not too comparable to football where you have 22 men with different minds playing a game with shifting tactics. > every action and event a response to another oneThis is true when it comes to physics. Football is much more random than that. Call me when xG or any other stat can predict a wrongfully given red card in the first minute or can spot a player secretely going through difficult times (affecting his performance).
It feels like Chilwell has only 1 crossing speed, which is smash at full power.
Liverpool just a totally different team without their first-choice defenders. Which any team would be, tbh
>Bruno would walk into every team in the league, potentially even the world with his current form.Not Manchester City. He doesn't start ahead of De Bruyne, he doesn't start with De Bruyne.
Even when his game is off, his presence plays a huge role. No one is afraid of Asensio or Vinicius, in fact teams are happy to let them have the ball.
Liverpool record with Thiago:6 wins, 3 draws, 7 losses.
LiVARpool
we're never gonna hear the end of it
That's something I hadn't considered. If you look at it like that then yeah it has ruined the culture.
This is bad but were a good team on a bad run of form back then we were just shit overall
Nah, Poch is like my dad crush. Kovac is a shout, but I'd still choose Parker.
Henry got like 24 goals and 20 assists but RVN might have got golden boot
29.5.2021 is already a sad day for football
Stop panting into the mic Martin Tyler
When Captain MAGA throws his mighty shield...
Where the fuck is he supposed to put his hand then???
I feel the same about Mane, been absolutely horrid this season.
Thanks for the hot take
Mate have you ever run? Or jumped? Where do you think your arms go?
Lucien Favre
Good DLC
When used correctly, it can which is why clubs etc do use it.However like every stat, it isnt used correctly here so its absolutely pointless. Usually just chucked out with absolutely no context or info to justify it.
Your dad should get a job with Sky or BT with that kind of insight.
I hope not. I can't take another 0-0
he's a troll, there's no "older player who can barely walk" in our team, ironically our older players are our best players and just because perez had 1 bad window doesn't mean his signings will be 99% flop either, if hazard had worked out vinicius and rodrygo wouldn't be playing this much anyways
> scousers are some of the most hated people in Englandwhy. thought the beatles made up for it.
Genuine question. What's the dig in this instance?Mount is a CL finalist at 22 years old, and one of the best players at his club too. Nothing about that is embarrassing. I don't think it's a dig.
People here drooling over a very specific stat without context. In other news, the sky is blue.
That is not what people are talking about at all dude. It was the post about someone having a bunch of guns to shoot antifa.
Hed fit right in at spurs then
Are Madristas gonna get pissed at Kroos now for having slept well after that defeat?
For awhile now USL has only been 1 league but their are multiple "divisions" in the typical form of US sports.
What's the deal with Pulisic? Is he a conservative?
Gnabry was a kid, Oscampos was mid 20s. Yeah sure even if Oscampos is god himself. People jerk off over a 175cm shaky average-jump center back... Whos accompanied by Diego Carlos or something who has a 83!!! (Same as Kimpembe Wtf???) rating in FIFA but looks lost every time he plays a decent attacker. Luuk De Jong scored 0 fucking goals in the PL in his prime, offers nothing besides his headers who he cant win against a Kimpembe. El Neysri, cant do anything against proper defenses. Fernando donkey. Suso a lazy inaccurate no pace jogger globally rejected. They have literally 0 players who would be proper for a CL team.If I had any faith in that team Id literally go ham with the Hope Sevilla demolishes Dortmund guy. I stg I literally didnt even say shit about Barca-Sevilla or BvB-Sevilla pre game even though Id go crazy to see Sevilla win both of those cuz legit catch me saying anything good ever about Barca or BvB lmao.~ last time Im talking about Sevilla
Dont rate Kabak, seems to always have a brainfart up his sleeve.
Soon Timo Werner is going to have a BIG game 26 games of fuck all so far but yeah I guess thats one way of looking at it
Yup that and the CDR semifinal tonight against Levante-Athletic. Just hope we don't have to face those Atheltic cunts once again.
I'm just not seeing the *clear* improvement, there aren't any performances where I've thought "couldn't have happened under Lampard". This is what I mean by forgetting their good performances under Frank.They also got outplayed by Barnsley a championship team and were lucky to get through.
Just had a look at the /r/reddevils version and the excuses are just unbelievable. Blaming COVID, blaming the schedule, blaming the cup draws... anything but the manager really.
we still need depth
I hope we can play Werner in behind Kabak often enough that even he scores. Pretty sure Kabak is so slow he has to do a 3 point turn every time the ball goes over his head.
I honestly dont see how it was offside he looks level with Robertson
Because a club needs more options in attack than 3 youngsters, one still not back to his best after an Achilles tear and another very injury proneWithout summer transfers our options would be those 3 + Tammy and Giroud
fuck this selective VAR implementation. No way that gets given against a big club
He was as fast tbh
WHAT THE FUCK?????????????????????????????????????????
Lmao OK buddy.
I swear Refree has touched ball more than Firmino
The one where it hits an attacker's hand which directly led to a goal? That's literally the handball law which is not the fault of VAR
The reality of modern football. CL qualification via the league is worth much more than winning the FA Cup.
He has been used in a similar way to mount var the pressing, he plays as a roaming attacking mid but sometimes even pushes up highest as lone striker when playing with anyone but Werner. Mostly comes off the bench and I think Tuchel considers him a big player because he has started some important games for us. He has to battle it out with Mount, Puli, Havertz and in a way CHO right now to get a spot. I think we see him start this weekend. Whenever he has come on it does look like his work rate has improved but him being one footed has hampered him a little because that attack is quite fluid. He seems to be behind everyone bar CHO right now in the pecking order
Whoever said that doesnt watch United without him
Except for a few, the recent big money moves hasnt justify their huge price tag. Will this circumstances discourage clubs from buying players with a huge fee and instead opt to find a talented, but affordable players (like bruno, theo Hernandez, llorente, etc.) ?
Nailed it. :
Boateng did
Honestly? Would take him. Deffo would solve loads of our creativity problems.
We're definitely scoring now btw. It's so scripted
coldest take yet
Should be a penalty
What did he do ?
I am willing to let u have that. Im so sorry man. The pain u must be going through
Kante, makes amazing tackles and interceptionsAlso Kante, gives the ball away immediately after.
The handball rule has changed several times this season so asking for consistency is ambitious.
unnecessary and was not even brought up by the interviewer. Should stop trying to big up one of the best midfielders in the past decade when he's achieved nothing yet in his career.
Anytime the Mags have been relegated hes bought a squad capable of pissing all over the Championship. Hes not going to fund them into regular European contention or anything, but hes always tried to maintain their Premier League status. Thats where the money is for him.Bruce wasnt hired to succeed, but he was hired to tread water. If he wanted to tank the club hed never have sacked John Carver.
Complete shit. If his arm was anywhere else the same exact result wouldve occurred. Fulham have been robbed.
More realistic than my dreams.
Chelsea organised very well against us. Two solid lines of 4 players IIRC. It depends on the quality of players.When in possession, players with great passing ability who can break the first line are absolutely vital. After that, it depends on the creativity of the forwards. I would prefer a striker who drops back a bit , and has the skill and ability to play a wide range of passes ,accompanied by two fast and physical wingers and the respective full backs on each flank. The passes have to be quick and accurate, or else it could lead to devastating counters given the number of players who are forward. If they feel they cannot risk losing possession, they should circulate the ball wide.
How convenient
Ziyech has had like 2 good games mate, 3/4 at a push
A win is 3 points but every 3 goal lead is worth an extra point, so 3 points if you win by 1 or 2 goals, 4 if you win by 3, 5 if you win by 6, 6 if you win by 9 (very rare). And so on, just so emphatic wins are rewarded and persuading attacking football
The form speaks for itself regarding the improvement of his form. Id much rather we have stuck with Lampard considering we knew what we getting when we hired him but the team at this moment is better and an improvement on how we were playing than since after the Leeds win in December in which our performances were awful. How people comment on things they have no idea about or even watch it beyond me.
It's like he has no game intelligence at all sometimes, him ignoring Cavani at Anfield still haunts me.
Yea, said while holding his World Cup Trophy and multiple Champions League Titles.
Are Liverpool playing 3 at the back?
Why pick a match thread for 2 other teams to say that lmao!????
So who tripled captain Werner
I think sometimes kindness is more important.
wow... thats harsh
When Chelsea have such a clinical goalscorer in Werner you can see why Tammy Abraham doesnt make the squad
Then the defensive strategy should be to just kick the ball at opposition players. Boom handball play dead
Brave.
This is what Im saying. Makes the lines far more accurate and there is no advantage from having an arm out like that...
WE GOT A WINNER
I wonder if the minor boom we're seeing in young English talent is, at least partially, helped by the lack of pressure of no fans? Would a player like Saka have kicked on in the same way with fans in the ground? I also wonder if some players have the opposite problem.
Baiting
Holy shit that was sexy as fuck mount
If thats a pen then that means the first goal is not offside and so the pen would make the game 2-1. Good for you dumb fucks.
I ask once again. Is Klopp ok?
They both said it was offside and its a really good decision. Sherwood likes VAR.
players/teams need to start walking off the pitch, this shit is a disgrace to football.
I'm tired of feeling physically ill while watching this team play. Just such a bizarre season
Why are you twerking for another club?
yeah, he wasn't expecting it and the ball bounced awkwardly - unlucky
So what you're saying is koeman communicated a decision by the club? Ok
I hope this is bait
Marcelino
Its very clearly defined in the rules that this is a handball lol and therefore the correct call
Chelsea casually bringing on a fascist
Yeah, fine for when you're back against the wall but they're far too limited for today's game. They basically do the job of one player for the top teams.
Amazing
And clearly if the lines matched up there isnt even a figure of speech needed you helmet
Lol cry about it
Hahaha funny you should say that. I was the one that posted that comment about 3 years ago when some clown tried to tell me he was scouse at heartGreat that everyone seems to remember it
Croke Park is a GAA ground so it's not meant to be used for 'English' games although the Irish football and rugby teams got special clearance to play there when the Aviva stadium was being built. I'm not sure if they would host the Euros and as GAA pitches are much larger than football pitches the stands would be quite far from the pitch.
Chelsea fans love germans. Shocker
Its probably because Havertz is 21 and cost 80m, with a bunch of people categorizing him in the same level as Mbappe and Sancho when he was at Bayer, so people are willing to give time to him. Which is fine and makes sense.With Werner, its a shiny new striker that works very hard and has a good mentality in matches, combine this with the stigma some fans had on Tammy. People hated on Tammy last season even, hes a great player but would get a lot of criticism for most top teams because the cameras always catch him falling or complaining, as well as always seeing those comments "when he doesn't score he's useless". I don't think it has anything to do with them being German, I've seen fans shit on Werner as much as they shat on Morata, and Havertz still doesn't get much praise (not that he should). People are just excited about expensive players and seeing what they did in the past.I'd also say there's some receny bias, Chelsea fans shit on any player playing bad and praise any player playing well, just like most fanbases. Everyone was creaming themselves over Ziyech when he played his first few matches for us. I think that sub is incredibly closeminded and result oriented though, everything is expected instantly.
I mean you need to break eggs to make an omelette. The issue with Arsenal is that they forgot the bloody pan.
Personally, I think if he really didn't care, he'd just let it go, instead of tweeting to his millions of fans that he IS infact nonplussed. Not to mention the thinly veiled dig. Just reminds me of people who will purposefully emphasize they're not mad when they're clearly annoyed.But then again, I'm from a different culture from Toni so maybe there's something I don't understand. Your comment actually made me ponder that. Thanks.
You didn't read my post.
Luck won't do anything. They need to be more organised at the back and figure out how to make changes with all their possession.
not that it should be a bigger deal otherwise but maguire is the captain. it can be said that maguire doenst have authority when rashford is telling him to shut the fuck up
Nah just a couple of Chinese
I thought he did well. Of course we got insanely lucky with the handball but he saved us a couple of times with challenges or interceptions.
I understand the sentiment, but once the fans are allowed to attend & roar in the stadiums again, there will be more energy brewing for football - therefore recovering its appeal.
Yo, this VAR offside shit is just that shit.I'd be mad if I wasn't a Chelsea fan
Liverpool just look clueless in when they start attacking
All i can offer is 9th and a jelly baby.
He frequently switches off when playing covering defense.
Werner is going to be a timebomb here. Get a few goals over a few games and he will start banging them in.
What a player he is
Modric doesnt deserve to play his last years in this sorry excuse of a team. He should leave us and join a better team.
I will just leave this one hear and let people come to their own conclusion. 5 things the referee considers when making the decision. I can see why it wasn't given, but it wouldn't surprise me if another ref interpret these variables differently and would give penalty>**Position of the arm**> Where the arm is in an expected position given player's action > This includes where the arms are clearly used for balance and/or protection it is less likely to be penalised> The arms may be outside the player's bodyline and may not be penalised>**Ability to react**> Where it is clear that the player does not have the ability to react>**Direct shot at goal**> Whether the contact with the arm clearly blocks a direct shot towards the goal7
No wonder why a lot of you guys were getting pissed when those rumours were coming about
That was nice from Werner I'll take it
'3rd in the form table since Christmas' seems to be the new arsenal soundbite. Remember when they mocked spurs for construing ways to be near the top of the table?
Pelkas the Greek GodYoull hear his name a lot more when he inevitably scores a hat trick at Camp Nou next year
Smart defenders play in those kind of situations with their hands on their back
I dont think its a pen, but its not really tucked in.
losing 2012 CL final in their own stadium? Anyway nowadays he is pretty chill about football
I genuinely dont think hes smug. More, knows his own worth. Which frankly you HAVE to to keep sane at Real Madrid. A journalist recently described Lucas Vasquez the same way. Tonis very, very deadpan. I quite enjoy it.
Making chances is a shit stat. Taking shots = creating a chance right?
no. his crazy dribbling skills stem heavily from his unusual physique. he generally had extremely strong and explosive legs, which at the same time, were very agile. thats also the main reason his knees didnt survive these pressures for long, because all those faints, sharp and fast twists and turns of direction with extremely strong variance of speed put immenese pressure on his knees and ligaments.in that sense it should be highlighted that ronaldos extremely low center of gravity and agility, balance is absolutely outstanding and trumps most footballers bar messi that i've seen with my own eyes in the last 15 years. i dont know about other legendary attacking players though (Romario etc), never saw them outside of a few youtube clips.OP did ask about foot speed, agility and "explosiveness". The latter being a bit unclear since it can both mean with and without the ball.
i'd say all those pessi penaldo types are surely no more than 12
Looking already like a Chelsea game for me. Liverpools not the same anymore and Id say this wouldnt change even with Van Dijk and others back in the squad. Klopps magic ended
Kinda funny is was creaming my pants from buy Havertz, Ziyech and Werner in the summer. Now Havertz doesnt play, Ziech is our worst player on the field based on the last few games and Werner can't score.It's kinda funnyfunny:'
Honestly feel like my work rate when the gyms reopen will be better than half this Liverpool team. Fucking shocking.
I think honestly getting consistency in refereeing is the #1 thing most people would agree on.
78min and Liverpool still have 0 shots on target. Unbelievable.
Really! With those exact same words?
Ahhh I see, I thought it was very hard haha
Going with both James and Chilwell is interesting, seems Tuchel is concerned about defensive solidity first and foremost. Also wasn't expecting Ziyech, didn't exactly set the world alight last time.
Ziyech has 2 goals and 4 assists. Havertz has 5 goals and 6 assists.
No, you don't understand. These millionaires that have the best job in the world are going to be deeply hurt when my fat ass calls them names. How *dare* they not be up to my standards
Anyone know what happened to Nat Phillips? Not in the squad, hoping he's not injured.
Amazed Liverpool didn't score there
It most certainly is.
Sounds like nothing has changed in the mothership
How many times does this need to happen before people realise this is the rule. Call it a terrible rule.. but the ref made the right call.
You forget the inventor of 3 at the back Chelsea.
Not sure if it's a kamehameha or a hadouken.
Not if you get an advantage by doing the opposite
Like hes had a giant sandwich before the match and if he runs too fast hell shit himself.
Bit annoying that the club is looking for a new CB when Saliba is right there. Looks like he doesn't have much of a future here which is a shame. He was one of the most expensive 18 year olds in history.
Best Klopp can do is Origi
He's bang average. Both statistically and by the eye test. But that's fine tbh. We still have the 2nd best defense in the league (by goals conceded and xGA).In transfer fees alone, these 2 keepers have cost us 95m combined. I don't think we get another one unless Raiola offers us Donnarumma on a free.
Nah, we outplayed them. They still could've held on but their stupid mistakes cost them, can't say you're robbed after you miss a penalty and then decide that you'd rather keep the ball in play than let it go for a corner and reorganize against a team that hasn't scored from corners in ages.
but it does (and did) happen? there are people that replaced Maradona with Messi, Valdano himself is the biggest example. And there were plenty of people who in his moment also replaced their idols, be it Di Stefano, Pel or Cruyff, with Maradona. I think you're genuinely underestimating people's hability to change.  and now that you mention my grandpa, in fact he is one of those that replaced Pel with Maradona, despite that the first was in his teens and the later when he was a grown adult. No mate, I'm pretty sure that once you filter the sentimental and irrational positions, you can reach the best and most complete source of knowledge about this.
I was thinking my stream must be way behind or I missed something because I saw that and its not nearly as bad as people are acting. Everyones making it sound like he missed after dribbling the keeper or some shit
Haha, I was the same earlier watching it on Twitter. Genuine goosebumps. I was okay dealing with it last season, and even the first few months of this season even, but I am done with no fans now.
Just on the topic of his aerial duels20/21 - 1.2 per game / 44% success rate19/20 - 2.7 per game / 57% success rate1.2 per game on a 44% is ridiculously bad though
Lampard was right favoring Mount, the most improved player this season alongside Stones
Cheers mate!
Cant say that when he put jorginho in the team
Are you fucking kidding me
To be fair, Chelsea were robbed of a goal. You were robbed of a penalty.
Pulisic should move to Liverpool, look at all those crosses for him to burn
Instead of going to VAR, they should just flip a coin at half. Heads = benefit attack, tails = benefit defence.
Last night was very frustrating. Elmo ball watching on the goal, totally preventable.Without Cash and Grealish weve lost our ability to overload the flanks. Elmo is too slow to overlap and El Ghazi doesnt have the pace to go outside and cut it back.Proper made it easy for them lumping low quality crosses in.
Who says Maguire and Rashford are friends though? They're colleagues, and Maguire is the captain who just criticised Rashford, it's not like it was just a bit of banter between mates.I don't think it's the worst thing in the world or anything, worse is said on the pitch and training etc, but it's still not really a good thing.
Fulham have been solid defensively, so Spurs need to pray Bale keeps his form up
Trash can of a heart
Quite sad you had to look up my history to engage with me
Sensational player, truly our very own wonderkid
Who gets to vote for the PL POTY and TOTY awards? What is the qualification required to be able to vote in those?
Most places in India, especially the Northern, Mid, and Mid-Western Areas
What an absolute joke Tottenham is
personally think it would be cool if we won this match
red vs blue
hed beat ur ass for sure kid
Why do you do this to yourself tsk tsk
I'm pretty sure we payed less than what we would have had to pay him in wages but that's could be wrong
How is that not a penalty
fuck this
If Liverpool were smart they'd tie him down, if they're this bad next season with VVD and Gomez fit then yeah
Genuinely curious: does Klopp stay for a potential necessary rebuild, especially if the owners continue to be frugal as they have been with regards to the 4th CB?
At least can thread a pass, a moody Pogba is better than McFred.
Lloris first, then Akinfeev.Haven't really followed Asenjo, but Adler could have have been right up there if it hadn't been for injuries. You can say that he peaked at 24/25. His career (and Neuer's) could have taken a completely different trajectory
Why comment then?
Whats the more likely thing to happen  a time machine being built or Liverpool scoring today?
Yes except the end of his sleeve was onside. They put the line down from his wrist
I was making jokes, then someone came in and asked a stupid question which was also a bit condescending so I replied accordingly.
Yes and the rules are obviously nonsense, that's my point.
This system is broken. And these refs need to fuck off entirely
VAR in the PL requires a PhD and minimum 5 years experience apparently, these decisions lately....
^kloop
He was no better while playing a year ago mate
That's horrendous
Thiago plays for Liverpool?
Were crying
LOL Trent
Do people just forget the rules before the start of every match? According to the rules that is a handball. Blame the people who wrote the stupid rule, but the ref made the correct call.&#x200B;Never mind. It seems I am wrong on this
I watch both, they dont really fulfill the same purpose for me. Channels like Balon are interesting to watch and skill compilations usually have a skill or two that I want to try out.
Lol no it's Liverpool at Anfield. It's done.
What league?
But that's just it, they aren't good enough. They're 9th in the league, they'd get battered for a season and be dumped right back out until they put together a squad/manager that can challenge for top 4. It's like joining the ESL, at this point there's nothing in it for them but money, them and Spurs would have been the whipping boys of the league. Who wants to see that? Obviously rather be in it than not but in their place I'd only want in because it guarantees better signings in the summer.
He is okay, probably one of Kasmpaa's better players but that's about it. Could be a rotation player in one of the top teams.
Could be because of Falcao.
Im glad I have MMA to put my time and passion into because football is terrible right now
Yeah. Im a fan of the rule that prevents you from kicking the ball into an opponents hand from too close, had that hit off a deflection or a clear shot thats for sure a pen
Just need everything behind it now.
Mourinhos had the better career but their trajectories have been very different. Klopp has managed 3 clubs in 20 years while Mourinho has moved on every 3-4 years. I personally rate Klopps style of management higher than Mourinhos but thats down to personal preference. Theres no question that Mourinhos way has brought success at (almost) every stop regardless of the toxicity and occasional destruction that comes with him.
They shouldve hired Pochettino. If Glazers do not have ambition for Utd to win titles and the only thing they care about is top 4, the least they can do is hire a better coach that can at least entertain the fans with attractive football.
Its not ridiculous Thatcher are different rules for different situations, different situations lead to different outcomes. It makes sense that immediately leading to a goal is different to it hitting a hand and then like 9 passes later someone scores.
The penalty call on front page reminds me of this which was called against us https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/kwpynl/real_sociedad_11_barcelona_mikel_oyarzabal/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Koeman was the one to call Surez to tell him he wasn't gonna count on him which forced him to start actively searching for an exit (first his travel to Italy and then his signing for Atleti). Wouldn't be surprised if similar things happened with Rakitic and Vidal.
If i were you, I would be worried
How is he lacking ambition?
Agree to disagree
I mean he's been jerking them off for 2 years so he's gotta criticize them when they deserve it.But I've gotten a sense from Carragher that he tries to be so anti-biased against lpool that he becomes biased against them, same thing happens with G Neville and United, he's been ragging us off every time when he's commentating.
How did you get the man utd badge next to your name?
That's kind of my point- it's very likely he isnt going to chelsea/personally has ruled it out - but unless I've missed something theres been nothing for us to think that.
Whenever Azpilicueta is playing against someone like Tottenham or Manchester United or someone like that he always seems so much better, and so much more angry for some reason too. I rate him as a player outside these matches though so maybe he doesn't count.
So we have an AMA tentatively scheduled for the 19th that I think some people will like. But I'm not gonna tell you who. The spoiler contains a hint that you will potentially lead you to figure out who it's with. First person to figure it out gets Reddit Platinum.Oleksandr Zinchenko, Martin Odegaard, Ruben Neves, Tyler Adams, Aymeric Laporte.Edit: After only 8 minutes we have a winner! /u/Nussinglslmpossible guessed correctly. Michael Cox, author of *Zonal Marking*, will be joining us for an AMA in two weeks!
Dias, Gundo, Bruno, Stones, Grealish, KaneDe Bruyne might find some place if he goes crazy with assists. Might have Salah for one of our CBs.
That much is true. And all extrapolated data is inherently flawed as well, which is important to remember.If most countries had an education system that actively taught statistics and applied statistics, it would be a much easier discussion to have with a lot of people on this sub.
Ashley Cole looking sharp as hell tonight
Nothing VAR can really do about that. They should really update that rule. Nothing he could have done to avoid that as well as his arm being right on his side.
HAHAHAHAHAHAJA
heh make-up call
If they changed everything about it then it literally wouldnt be, but thats not the issue. This isnt an MK Dons level change where the club literally changes every aspect of itself down to where it is located, what its name and nicknames are, etc. Its at worse a rebranding and a new logo. I think a lot of people are talking out of their arse for the sake of the mainstream and personal pride. I dont think many people at all would stop supporting their childhood club because the name got changed.
Is the audio for anyone else crackly on peacock?
Akinfeev above lloris?
I stopped going there about 5 years ago when the plastics took over, the mods on this sub are terrible but on that one theyre on a different planet.
"My, uhhh, father was born in Brazil in 1947."
Liverpool winning a league was a blip. This is their true level tbh. 4 through 6.
Villarreal v Valencia tomorrow
Holy shit
I think that's the worst handball call I've ever seen in my life tbf. What is Lemina supposed to do there? Even if he didn't have arms it would still hit him in the side.
Ole is untouchable
Seems to happen in Belgium as well.
Yeah it was a pen. Scottish refs are probably the worst in Europe anyways so hardly unexpected
Why would bayern even consider selling unless theyve met with haalands agent and are potentially looking at that release clause for the following yearSo yeah not gonna happen
I miss the Championship. More matches, more drama, more twists, EFL on Quest, the big playoffs at the end. I dont want to be there next season but it wouldnt be the worst thing in the world to go back there.
The red fucking line is even ahead of the blue one How have they given that? Appalling
Man I just miss watching every World Cup game as a kid and just playing football with your friends during the breaks between the games.
naby wouldve given me PTSD
Meth. Not even once.
We live in a society where younger generations take offence to EVERYTHING. It's to be expected
Dont think timescale has been confirmed.
Werner plays like he has no strikers instinct I swear
Lol, never dominated Barcelona.
How did he even get ahold of bear  arms?
For me its Maradona for obvious reasons, did things on his own with mediocre squads and carried them to glory, had to endure leg breaking tackles the entire game, which were the norm back then. Back then there weren't such exact training methodes with everything that comes along with it where you can be monitored with nutritionist etc... + what happened with his addiction, where he could have been so much better than what he already was if it wasn't for that, he admitted it himself.In my opinion its Maradona, but overall there is no single "greatest of all time" because you have to take a lot of factors into consideration, but the conditions are more and more favouring compared to previous eras thats for sure and that is why many people believe it is Maradona, which is understandable with all things considered.
That was probably around the last time I went to Liverpool to be fair.
That is not the Sheikh lmao
That Kane free kick in the last minute of our game is the best one he has taken for us since the one against Villa that he scored at least.
VAR isnt going to let Pool lose 5 straight at home
Injured
Thats a disgraceful decision. If his arm isnt there it hits his thigh and the same thing happens. Watch spurs finish above us by 1 point.
Just laughing at everyone taking this shit seriously.
You seem utterly desperate to make this about "foreign". Nobody but you is doing that.
If Ajax win the league in De Kuip I am deleting my account and signing up for a new one with a Paraguayan Second Division flair so fast.
My goodness Mane blew air on the ball
In fairness it looks like Robertson's is drawn at like his elbow? Not defending it at all I think if anything it just shows how ridiculous the whole thing is
>No offence but your opinion as a neutral is kinda worthless when you don't realise it's been going on for longer than Werner and Havertz, if anything 'started' or 'reignited' it then it was the Hudson-Odoi saga.It's been going on longer, yes, but it was never 'bad' until this summer. The CHO thing annoyed Chelsea supporters but it also annoyed the shit out of Bayern supporters who thought their business should be done in private. It's not like they were arguing about stuff then. Chelsea supporters mentioned 'tapping up' which is bollocks considering Rudiger said how he was calling Werner & Havertz all summer to get them to come to London. You didn't see Bayern & Chelsea flairs going at it last year when they played in the Champions League either. Go back to the threads right after Werner signed (or any of his stupid quotes about the league being more physical) and there is just shit-slinging about how he wasn't good enough with responses saying 'you're just mad because you couldn't get him for free' and 'cry more' with links to the Drogba pic on Imgur.
Thank you for your answer! Do you think you could win the Copa America this summer?
Iniesta and Xavi were consistent starters. In fact, theyve won more than Ramos
I mean it's just banter, nothing serious. My older brother is 12 years older than me and we trash talk every time we meet. I sure as hell love the banter even though sometimes I act like his banters annoy me in the moment.
Salah dives all the time though
There's no better choice against people in red
how has he not been booked for that. jesus christ.
> There is no local affiliation to the club and they don't have a connection to the community they did 15 years ago. Interesting point, and I assume this is probably the biggest problem local fans have with the globalisation of the league. Do you have any kind of compromise or solution in mind?
ronaldo said andre silva would be his successor for portugal> ***A very good question. I see some with great potential: Asensio, Mbappe, Neymar, Dembele, Hazard, Rashford, and some others. In the next generation there are at least 10 players with very, very great potential***When someone asked him in **2017** who could be next messi-ronaldo
Almost no revenue either and they didnt really get promoted on merit as well, its a very investment heavy club that just deceives you into thinking theyre out here doing sustainable work. A debt equity swap is also on the fringes of the DFL license, since its technically almost impossible with a majority fan controlled club.
are you fucking joking
Was he though? Clearly isnt miles
Is fermino playing?
Bradford City currently have two
Not a good look for rashford, but with his performance yesterday I can understand why he might be frustrated
Fulham objectively. They like to play and Spurs have Kane and Son who can magic something. I'll be watching West Brom cos I triple captained DCL in FPL
I mean he's injury prone and lack pace
Different ends of the pitch, different rules apply. i think the fulham goal should have stood in terms of how I think football should be played but under the rules it was a handball.
Pulisics first PL season was much better than Ziyechs first PL season has been so far though.
Don't think that it's exactly the key. This was the best way to get the best out of the team in the short time. In the long run I think Tuchel would still go back to 4ATB
It's a more fluid pressing shape from Liverpool in general but it's still compact as hell. I would do an article on it but I'm really busy with work at the moment.
Lmaoo, similar to culiado in spanish which means the same.
Fully expected another gift to Liverpool thereEdit: on replay that should be a pen. So game is 1-2 in the world of sanity
Simeone, Ange Postecoglou
Never liked him anyway
its not
Mane needs to stop dribbling for no reason. So often smart passes get closed down by the time he actually tries to pass
just start marking offside lines with knee or foot, whichever is furthest forward. if the lines touch then it's onside.
Had to stop myself being sick whilst watching it
Alba and arthur did look kinda similar.
Petition to play the rest of our games away from home
What a ball that was from Kante...
Same stuff, different year.
Well.. The sooner you get rid of him the better. Nobody would buy him with this form anyways.
Do you have a license for searching for licenses?
It's maybe not a dig but it's definitely tongue in cheek considering how many Kroos has been to. "You've REACHED the final once, you still haven't really done shit, watch who you're talking to" is what he's saying.
Chelsea in 2015-16 was much worse
Mount putting in a shift in the midfield. Dictating everything for Chelsea
Because his hand is in an unnatural position
Oooo the "Mane doesn't dive i told you so" argument didn't last long.....
Sadge, signing him over VDB would have been been better for us.
If my grandmother had wheels, she would have been a bike.
Passive agressive way of saying "Get on my level"
You're proving my point though. Germans have a legitimate grievance
Yeah I think their whole problem is that theyre trying to play front foot football with players that would be better in a sit back and counter system like Mount and Werner
It's increasingly comical following a quintet of examples
Aye, the fella who passed it to Maradonna for his wonder goal against England in 86 got an assist...
It should be about what you say, not about how you say it.
it's very useful if you're trying to keep up with academic research in some area
Besides the obvious young starters for Arsenal, I think there are high hopes for Miguel Azeez an U23s midfielder who will be slowly integrated into the first team and probably get early cup games next season
> being part of a defence that conceded 15 goals across an entire season.Maybe check your reading comprehension before you start getting all pissy about it. Love that you're try to take the piss saying I think I've made some great statement about why Ferreira was better than Sagna but you haven't come up with a single reason that Sagna was better.
Tifo and Football Made Simple are great, the former is more generalised and is more 'textbook' while the latter revolves around breakdowns of big games.
The guy is diffusing tactics and some comments on here are brilliant and your response is this team is old  that team is young. I dont mean to be rude, but, come one man, elevate the level of the discussion in a tactics Thursday thread.
Pay raises for worst call of the game week confirmed: Fulham VAR and this one in a close tie
What in the fuck
Because Chelsea has been so magical lately?
Yeah. If there are two other facists on the pitch on the other side and you only make a comment on one, it kinda seems like youre trying to defend the other two. And FYI, Im supremely disappointed and frustrated with pulisics politics. I think its disgusting. But its ironic that you think thats awful while simultaneously advocating for violence against people who have different politics....its almost like thats the thing that you find so disgusting. And before you say it, no I dont think that antifa and these crazy far right facists are the same AT ALL. And I dont think political violence is EVER okay, which is why I hate what youre advocating for. But if we cant be better than facists in how we deal with that problem, what does that say about us as people?
Not really, we create a high amount of chances and this should be a cracking game
never forget alisson made another huge error that would have resulted in a goal if not for VAR bullshit
Klopp will say after the match the performance was good again...
Mount was always used on the wing where he wasn't the best but this season he's improved in form massivelyCho had a bad injury and hadn't shown enough to warrant being first choice for a team that has high ambitionsPulisic is streaky and inconsistent but is a good player
Andy's not really a goal scorer, is he?
probably the worst VAR decision i have seen this season
* Whether the contact with the arm is made by a Chelsea player
One of them has to be over the other because they'll be answerable to the higher ups.
He's not gonna shag you mate
The inability to read the game well is a massive problem. You can't make up for it with great technique or physicality. It is the one trait that is common in all great players, across all the eras. If Rashford isn't able to improve in that regards, he'll never enter the pantheon of United greats.
A massive decrease of Liverpool flairs and presumably a similar increase in Man City flairs.
Which part of most European teams do you think states that Barca was dominated?
uhhhh I'm not sure about "really good"
He's only better than Ziyech. Also maybe Havertz, I still have absolutely no idea how good that kid is
I wasnt one of them, but that wasnt the reason for many. It was because hed play every minute of every game no matter what his form was like, even when he was playing in positions that didnt suit him over players that are natural in those positions
In the words of Emperor Palpatine. Dew it
Yes but it's not like United is the best place to get their targets. God knows they got Mourinho mediocre players spending a ton of money. Look at his transfers at spurs now.
I had it in my head that he didnt start regularly.
I forgot Havertz existed ngl.
I don't think you'll get a response from someone who did that lol
Luv me pubLuv me wifeLuv me footyAte leftiesAte foreignersAte maths
Massive clench there...
If he was a Chelsea academy product they would be calling for his head.
Do you have a source for that?
The point is, dont talk shit until youve done it all. Just friendly banter between the two, cant believe youre out here comparing Kroos to Mason Mount lmao, the latter has A LOT to prove still
Stream crashed so I'll ask again. People who are on the TV or stream, which minute are you on right now?
lol its not like the agent made the decision for him he chose to come
Lets go Ox
We were all pretty down around November so this is just a return to normalcy
Awful. The random patterns are ugly, the big fuckin 3 is always ugly, plus the yellow Nike symbol makes it look like a kid made it in MS Paint.
I think it will be high scoring
Probably because they think the rules are BS.
what the fuck?
You don't even see people try to shoot from outside the box anymore. Can't remember the last time I saw someone even try to shoot from 30 yards, let alone score one.
What the fuck are PL refs doing.
Salah off instead of Man? Ox on instead of Keita? The fuck??
I think they mean the opposite. If this was a defender it logically wouldn't be called a pen, SADLY it's an attacker.
This is clearly an electabuzz and not a pikachu
Werner has to find Ziyech on the overlap there ...
wouldnt it have to be 16?
Lol Mane squaring up to Kovacic
Hes spent 600 odd million, of course he can build a new squad. Credit to Guardiola for getting the best out of players, but you dont need much of a mojo in the transfer market with almost unprecedented amounts of money
I think he looks like a generic character from a WW2 film.
You're only minutes away from missing Gordon Ramsay's Bank Balance
VAR needs an appeal system. District Courts of VAR appeal all the way up to the Supreme Court of VAR.
Ziyech didn't create a chance, he wasn't bad but he was the least good starter.
That was so poor by Mane
We play city on Sunday. When it rains it pours eh?
Suave af
That's my biggest thing. The rule was OK before, but *if* you're going to change it, you shouldn't have different rules apply depending on the outcome after the action or for attacking vs defending players.
I dont know why Liverpool continue to play the high line, when all of their CBs are out injured? Its like theyre making it too easy for teams. Klopp is clueless.
Fuck off. No way was that offside.
They're surely taking the piss now right? Probably the most ridiculous VAR decision in a while
This is easily the worst manager suggestion for Spurs I have seen in the past few months. Even worse than Graham Potter and Eddie Howe.
Suffer isn't really the right word from a club's perspective. Plastic fans make the bigger clubs even bigger because they pump clubs full of money for merch and pay for expensive TV contracts and that money filters down to the clubs.But plastics are bad from a normal supporter's viewpoint. Especially on here when they try to make out they're such a huge fan of the club or that waking up early to watch games is such a burden etc etc. They're generally the ones that come out with the comically bad opinions on here as well.
Same thing I wonder about who votes for the Oscars, and Grammy's
They changed that after the number of pens given at the start of the season
How do u pronounce it?
Plus they've won the European Championship - twice!
Lmao Werner really trying there
In that context, where he was getting slandered by the local press because of the way he dealt with his exit, it makes sense for him to try to avoid responsabilities.If you look at the tweet after that one, he says it was also the club's decision to leave Riqui at Bara B and that he counted on him, and well... I think the following months made it pretty clear that maybe it was also a bit of his own decision to not play him.
Praying for a Big Sam masterclass
Free Tammy
It hurts...
Should be 2-1
I'm clenching so hard right now
no way.... wow.
" relax its sheffield/west brom/newcastle" etc..
*bald cabal
My mind is racing on two thoughts in this game , maybe Liverpool just come and dismantle the new toy buuuut if Chelsea mop the floor with them Ill still be here for that .
I literally just saw the ball bounce of Kante's arm. The fuck are you talking about?
What are some 'crazy' type of rule changes you'd see tried just for the fun of it?
I looked through the rules and I can't find a passage about that. Genuinely curious where I can find that. I didn't see anything about regular handball rules not applying if it leads to a goal
_+ Eufemiano Fuentes_
Well we all know how Kroos' first final went, good banter though.
I don't blame the refs when it's live and ingame. It goes so fast and being a ref is extremly hard. But when they fucking have the technology to watch it they you dont get any excuses.
He's already left the club permanently, his contract was up this summer so we just paid him what he would have earned for the rest of his contract to leave
You forgot /s I hope
Is Mane drunk? What is going on he looks finished man wtf
Definitely
Yeah and Azpilcueta and Thiago Silva hate Chelsea's guts and are pure mercenaries
You obviously didnt look very hard. Its the first result when you type in Pulisic antifa
> his subpar performances in big gamesHow do people even come up with such shit takes?
Absolutely! His passing is actually quite good. It is when he is up the pitch, his decision making that goes into passing that's bad. Which kinda negates the massive advantage he gains when he chases and wins the ball!
This is actually a disgrace
It tells Ole himself has no idea how to sustain any one of those extremes that his side goes through.
Defenders always get those bullshit calls
Klopp Out ? KLOUT!
Depending on the armband, you definitely should say bad words to them
mane fell over and kovacic kickeed the ball right at his head from a metre away pretty much as he was falling.
Chillwell been shite
Thats a lovely analogy. Theres a similar positional concept in chess called imbalance. If you simply follow the flow of the game defend threats, control the space in the centre, keep your structure neat eventually youll reach stale positions where things are sort of symmetrical and everything on both sides is well defended. Thats why players wanting a win will try to create imbalances  they might sacrifice pieces or break their own structure to generate activity and potential for attacks. Often this can risk their own king, sort of like when a team commits too many men forward.
Whack substitutions, I thought Salah and Jones looked like Liverpools brightest sparks in attack
If only there was a word for that already
You can have clear without disallowing this as a goal.
Blimey Oxlade Chamberlain coming on, staggered
See how he then went on to win 4 CL titles
I cant see Havertz flopping. The guy was so good for Leverkusen and I think its just a case of adaption. Werner will probably up his goalscoring rate, as to how good he will end up being I'm unsure. He obviously has the desire for it. Ziyech I'm the least confident on. He has shown quality but I dont think Tuchel really likes players like that.
Jesus lads, he literally chipped the ball into.kantes arm from point blank, wtf is he supposed to do there?
This is one of the stupidest decisions I have ever seen. English refs are just really really shite.
Do people expect the Chelsea signings to come good next year? Out of 10 what what is the likelihood in peoples opinions that Werner, Havertz and Ziyech turn into good players for Chelsea? For Werner I think hell become a fairly good goal scorer but for the other 2 Im pretty unsure.
The style of play Im seeing. Hodgsons team atleast tried. This side really look like they dont care for shit.
What a dive by jota.
Yeah classic 0-0s and struggling to control any tempo
tbh the way kante runs thats definitely his natural position...
Yea, 97pts and 99pts seasons are just a blip, lmao.
I feel kind of bad that this is how he is remembered rather than his career haha.
Check that one VAR lol
Idk man. Arsenal has this unreal ability of turning good players/managers with potential into shit for some reason
Ah, most likely get another season and then be replaced which would be the best thing for you. Although, you are right he should just leave this Summer if they aren't planning a future with him.
Trump said it would cure you of the covid, so there's that.
Did Rashford actually say this to Maguire? Oof. No respect for the captain
It sucks but its the rules, no point complaining for a right decision. The rule needs to be ajusted.Wake up call for Tott
Awful call
This half of the year maybe.
Missed one
He's actually been doing good for a while now....
should be mentioned that most of the german settlers came to south america before the nazis
Pretty sure that ship has sailed and Klopp knows it. He gets the armband because he's earned it.
Lets ignore all the mistakes ederson has made himself, nice one
3-2 v qpr
I mean, he gave a clear analysis on how to, which you're just ignoring to crack a joke.
Thanks for the pictures been trying to find a gif. Jesus Christ does anybody know what the rules are anymore? Refs/VAR sure don't.
Still doesn't matter if he's from Congo or from the moon.
Im only mentioning one player as in who was the best player.
I'm a Chelsea fan so obviously biased but I seriously don't get the Mount hate.He's a really hard working player, has the odd Roy of the Rovers moment and seems like a decent lad with his charity work.
You can argue that it was not a penalty, but a dive from Vazquez. In fact, a lot of people, if not the most think that way.
Yeah i initially forgot about Jota mate, I still think you need another spark in there though. Mane seems to be on the decline
So far, shit
Lloris, Akinfeev, Adler, Asenjo
He really is. And he was always like that. As I said below, he wasnt even nervous for the WC final. Just his wedding day to his longterm girlfriend Lol.I was surprised Mount commented on this. I thought everyone knew Kroos has ice water in his veins and always has. Theres no disrespect to Chelsea in that, thats just how he is. He never gets nervous.
Its a banana?
Hahaha that's hilariously stupid if true
Was that offside called on Ziyech? No way Werner was off
It think its a little bit the truth
Trying to boost expected thumbs up per 90
Admittedly I haven't watched much of Chelsea outside of the "showcase" matches, so I guess must've been the media narrative tainting / biasing the players responses
Delhi Capitals till I die !!!
Tottenvar Varspurs back at it!
And where did he do that?
I dont think Lampard asked for Werner.
Chelsea completely bossing the game.
Im cool with both of their comments, no need to analyze it because his comment will only get Mount stronger
Did you guys know Werner means 'can't fucking score' in Deutsch
Even his tweets have the subtly and accuracy of his passes.
yes. i judge players by influence and impact on a football pitch. to me, he is the most complete attacker in history and impacts and influences a football match like no other. the greatest of all time
Yes, but there is still skill, which is why professional gamblers exist. Besides, like I mentioned, there are other subjective factors that influence the games at the casino and the decisions of the players, which are probably not incorporated in quantitative models.
Fucking hell weve been given a lifeline here. No way that was supposed to be offside
Its not that crazy but i would like for each team to have 2 chances to challenge referee decision per game.To keep it more neutral, the one who has the final say is the VA referee and not the on-field referee.
I want a verbal promise by every arsenal fan that they won't stealthily start parroting "Trust The Process" and "no European football could be a blessing in disguised, more time on the training ground" when we beat West Brom 4-0 on Sunday.
They're footballers and most probably good mates too. The football pitch isn't the same as an office. You get heated and say shit to people; unless it's really bad (which this isn't) it's all forgotten once the final whistle is blown.
Are you blind?
tbh my anti potter agenda has less to do with the boring sideways football and more to do w the fact that there is a high chance he is a robot or at least some kinda emotionless alien
Yeah but that's a different scenario to what i was on about.
Hey, I'll have you know Reinier is supposed to be the next Kaka
We are improving and getting better its not delusional to think that people arent acting like were winning the league next year or anything
How many things would they really have to change for that to be the case though?An RB rebranding doesnt change the fans or the stadium or the local area or any of the history of the club.
Judge them next season.
Yep. We need the Wenger Rule ASAP
Yeah I'm not giving an absolutely final judgement on Tuchel yet, but just saying that as of yet I don't think he's been as much of a drastic improvement on Lampard as some are saying.
You have to click to expand them, so anything over one or two lines is hidden. Its pretty clear from his liking of Obama tweets to his unlike of the antifa post presumably once he saw the backlash and actually read the caption that he never read it in the first place. I almost never read captions from my friends, but Im not a professional footballer so no one would try to cancel me for making a mistake
Kroos does, talked about it on his Pod
How lmao
Galatasaray's away shirt is pretty nice
Maitland-Niles put in 3 near-MOTM performances in a row at Wembley against City and Chelsea in the FA Cup, and Liverpool in the Community Shield
Might want to tell someone who cares instead.
It was the Chelsea game early in the season where we were saying the same.
>If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence.  Yes there is.
It may be a good midfield against a side we expect to dominate but against a side as comfortable on the ball as Chelsea that midfield over absolutely zero protection. Laughable how easy Chelsea have carved through us all half.
You want to free him from injury? Are you Jesus?
There are levels to youth league football, just like with professional football.In a field playing to a bunch of parents? It's cool, I guess, and I liked the clapping when you'd nab a goal or do something cool.In a local non-league ground with stands? It's basically the CL final, and the parents are really into it because they're at a place with a bar, and they have a seat.
Mane has been avoided a lot of attention Salah has got on this run
Played god awful, imagine playing defensive but not being that good defensively. Dortmund will play them into the Sd if they show the same stuff there.
I was biased because of heritage but I was delighted Italy won it. Still remember thinking the headbutt was the most mental thing I'd ever seen on the pitch (still do tbh), but then I also just straight up liked way more of the Italian team, especially Luca Toni
Pogba? Really?
Whats Wijnaldum done to hurt you mate.Man does nothing but smile
and all it would take is a simple line, like the one from Kroos to shut him up :
Hey soccer fam!  I am working on a hackathon in college and was wondering if there is a burning problem that y'all face in the soccer/ sports industry. Any leads?  Thanks for your reply in advance.
Comparing? No. Drawing parallels to show you how stupid your comment was? Yes.Learn the difference.
Is this the current best LATAM 4-3-3? AlissonLodi Marquinhos Gimenez CuadradoCasemiro Valverde ParedesMessi Suarez Neymar
VAR killed football
> "Oh this player shoots from places where the xG is low, he is shit"The fact he posted this shows that he has, at best, an incredibly flawed view of the statistic. It's not like I plucked that opinion out of nowhere.
HE SCORED LMAOO
smh liverpool fans always overreacting
That is because Hasan "Brazzo" Salihamidzic is playing a real-life FM save with Bayern, and didn't estimate that some things just don't work IRL the same way they do in FM.
How can you be so wrong and so confident?
Darmian was brought to Italy by parma on the condition that inter would then buy him off of Parma. Complete shit show of a deal but the guy has managed to prove doubters wrong for us. And our owners can't invest in us (Thanks Winnie the Pooh) so their financial troubles are separate to ours. We're looking likely to be sold, at this point either to a british investment firm called BC Partners, or the son of the King of Saudi Arabia
I think they do draw the lines but they just don't show them. I feel like i've seen the offside lines used in a CL game just not since the restart because they changed their policy on it.
Pep would never. You need a good manager but not a manager so good that he would take too much money for just easy games.
seriously man wtf is going on this thread?? This is so clearly a light hearted dig by Kroos I don't understand how you can read it in any other way. And people saying Toni isn't the type of guy who does stuff like this have never listened to his podcast or they aren't aware of moments like these from his past: 8
He isn't even the best player at the club, he is very effective and that reflects in his stats but ability wise Pogba is on another level.
Milner hasnt scored in 14 games against Chelsea? Time for a 90+3 pen!
And I thought Ole was dodgy with his subs
Youre on fire today ngl
Fam where you licence is fam? Gotta hav a licence fo dat innit
milner's alright, he's just boring james milner
Yeah I had the same thought. Thats not even an opinion as much as its just a really blindingly obvious statement. You wouldnt tweet Messi wont leave Barcelona unless he can be a starter at his new club.
Well thats interesting, hadnt known the distance plays in effect. Appreciate it, still baffling
Allegri
Tuchels Chelsea are light years ahead of Lampards
I thought the same thing lol
What happened
Ive said it before Ill say it again: Timo Werner is the GOAT of field spitting
just reworded the same sentiment lol
Still wouldnt have been enough games.
I'd definitely not support Red Bull Rotterdam, fuck that. Would never happen here anyway, De Kuip would burn to the ground before we sold out to a drink company.
Referees are shambolic. I've never seen such a consistent level of incompetence
I tell you whaaaaat
How does one into not being nervous?I get nervous for my fricking 5 a side league games and cant sleep when I have an early morning flight.Imagine the level of performance and chill if you never got nervous.
Do you know how to read or are you purposefully being ignorant?
Yeah, that is weird. Just seems like Arteta doesn't really rate him which is bizarre.
Mate what the fuck are you even on about. Mount got baited as in a newspaper or journalist mistranslated what Kroos said, then Mount reacted to the mistranslation thinking that Kroos talked shit about them, when he didnt.
Hot take : In the 2020s, every UCL or UEL winner will have at least one French player or at least who played in French young clubs in their team'
This match up was always going to be bad on paper
Looks like it measures the end of the torso beginning of arm.
Man Werner really needs to play next to a central striker. He constantly gets down to the byline and puts the ball across the box but no one's there, if Giroud's playing that's a goal
Hes accomplished more yes but he isn't the better player
Lol.Gary himself calls out that he's relying on individual brilliance.
Did it bounce straight to Maja and he scored or what?
http://imgur.com/a/woATAwQ
Kovacic is a naughty boy
This is what Neymar does and is best at similar to Messi. In this instance for example, his dribbling attracts 4 city players. And even Stones jumps! The yellow is the path to Icardi who has all the space that Stones has left. But in the end Neymar passes to Di Maria because he probably doesnt trust Icardi. Di Maria finds the LB who then crosses in to a crowded City 18 yard box and the attack dies. Mbappe was all the answers to PSGs problems. Worse he might leave this summer to Madrid.
Whys that not a penalty? Is it cus he thumped it at kante from so close
You've had runs of good form under Lampard too, and shoddy games under Tuchel like vs Southampton, Barnsley, and Sheffield United.
Can I get some Ragu with this pasta?
Apparently Pulisic liked a post the 50cent made angry about the Biden tax plan for rich people that also said vote for trump, so now hes a fascist according to people on Reddit.Im not a trump supporter by any means.Alright if anyone has a link to anything about the gun post share it because I hadnt heard a peep about that until this minute and cant find anything other than the 50cent story on googleAlright Jesus, I hadnt heard anything about the antifa post, and when you google Pulisic controversy it just brings up the 50cent post and him not getting play time.
Seria A,La Liga, Bundesliga and Ligue 1 are getting really spicy. On the other hand, PL is all about making top 4 now that City is just streamrolling other teams. Sporting CP also has a huge lead in Premiera Liga. Can't wait for the Madrid Derby and Dortmund-Bayern. Any other game to look forward to this weekend?
i use twiter more than reddit daily, and yes PL fans are actually the worst, not even ronaldo/messi fanboys are this bad.
Wait, the ESPN commentators mentioned that Eriksen was socially outcast in 2020 in Inter that he had to wear a name badge to the training for People to recognize him. If true then jeez thats brutal
Your living in 2012 son
> Brazil are a weird nation in that they don't always choose the best playerso why is he starting then? you can thave thought ederson was better last season and the season before when he was making more errors
Lmao that was actually spot on on the accent
The user said that Arsenal fans have begun getting deluded recently, this was 5 games into the season. And again, its just one person
Thanks, I'll rewatch WC 2018 ending again
If I am going to give you a hot take it means that I am going to say something that is pretty out there and that not many would agree with. So if I said, Liverpool's lack of success this season is because they are cycling off a caffeine doping schedule, that's a hot take. You can see how it's inclined to bullshit but it's not always the case.
You were saying?
Kovacic is a swine
It was not the pass that allows the goal to count, but the fact that WBA touched the ball failed clearance between the handball and the goal.
Bolton Wanderers
Omg Le Saux is an idiot
The ref cannot ignore the law that says "attacking handballs that result in goal scoring opportunities" because he doesnt like the rule.
We aren't on /r/all so it wouldn't make a difference.
So should he start a football club himself or just stop watching football?
And my comment is based on........... those 20 minutes.
whatever happened to Kamal Bafounta?
3 wins in 13, 5 straight home losses. This is relegation form and don't talk to me about VVD. No excusing this
No problem! Generally wouldnt matter, but in this case who the attacker is changes which law is applied.
Ironically I hate Liverpool and most of their fans annoy me to death. What does that have to do with me disliking Pulisic based on his backwards fascist level political opinions though?
Same level as Doherty
That offside call is fucked.
Martin Tyler sounds desperate for Liverpool to equalise
VAT should just be burnt man. Werner's goal, this handball, Fulham game, Dias offside all in this week
Obviously not a handball I do not understand this at all
Thats very true.
This team look so, so tired. Think they all need a break
Thiago would fit perfectly in our team compared to Liverpool, feel we lack a controller specially when Pogba is injured
Wake up, amico. This club has no future for the next 5 years, no young players are making any sort of substantial progress, older player can barely walk on the pitch because of their age and someone like Isco and Asensio are protected by our manager because theyre his favorites. If Perez is going to sign someone in the summer then its 99% going to be a flop, most likely some unknown teenager on an inflated transfer fee whos real worth is less than 5m.
No it isn't.
Not shit good players but in shit form
I can't be the only one that felt like playing in a fully sold out wembley when I was young and at sunday league games taking the ground at halftimeEveryone tried to showboat in front of that 50 viewers that were there feeling like a young ronaldinho
Depends if they rebrand it too hardcore.
Feel for my boy Ox. Hopefully he becomes a useful sub or plays long without injury at the next club.
Hoofball to Salah and insha'Allah
Wasn't there some offside clause a few years ago about deciding in favour of the attacker when in doubt and wouldn't that be a good rule for VAR decisions that are so close?
Or any of the rules around throw-ins.Or the 10 yard rule unless it's a direct free kick.Or the rules regarding dissent.
I wonder if theyd ever consider changing offside to foot positioning?
I'm fucking buzzing for tonight argenina super cup , after that defeat against palmeiras in the Libertadores semi final I want to celebrate somthing asap
Why don't more teams come up with more creative set piece strategies? It's literally a chance to pass/shoot without any pressure. I feel like teams don't really take advantage of it
Funny that you mention the very same thing in this thread here
Akinfeev > Lloris > Asenjo > Adler
Kroos had that at 22, or?
Felix Magath.
Just a teensy bit offside
> Also, Gibbs actually went over to Marriner and said "ref, it was me".Did he really do this? I've never heard this one
Inter 2nd, Milan competing for top 4, Juve below 10th
Reece-James's hair makes me crave Chipsticks.
De Jong has been stellar.
Leverkusen under Hyypia and Lewandowski was pretty close to what you are describing.
Milner coming on instead of Naby when you need a goal
Utterly ridiculous. The fact that this has happened so many times this season makes it even worse. Id love to see how much the league would have changed without this ludicrous rule.
Not much new has happened and it seems like hes going to leave; he is next in like for captain tho so its automatic
Tbf Munich weren't giving him a new contract either way
As it stands, we're a point behind you with a game in hand.
Best thing about DCL not scoring is seeing the FPL mentally unstable brigade lose their shit.
Ours was 19 mil with sommet like 18 mil addons. If he turns out to be shit then the add ons most likely wont get triggered
Im happy to see that not given and pissed to see the Fulham one given.
Who is the commentator on Sky Sports? Guy legit puts zero emotion in to it, lol.
It has definitely brought the morale up quite a lot. It's still **extremely** unlikely that we even get close to winning the tie, but it's cool to see the team giving their all every game and to see the fanbase being relatively optimistic again, specially when it comes to our chances in La Liga.
Probably because they can't speak Spanish/German/French/Italian. I speak French and let me tell you, Ligue 1 fans on Twitter are as braindead as PL fans.
I think Son is closer to getting in than KdB
That's a penalty surely
What's with all the deleted comments?
Must win game tonight
Shaun Wright-Phillips, Shaun Goater, Georgi Kinkladze, Richard Dunne, Niall Quinn.Edit: and how could I forget Jimmy Grimble.
Marco Silva lol.
Salah looks disappointed
FUCK OFF YOU CUNTS
But it is not in the build up of a goal, it is if it leads immediately to a goal. What exactly is immediately?
>Unless you're German, you have no legitimate reason to hate RB Leipzig and you're just jumping on a bandwagonUnless you're English, you have no legitimate reason to hate Manchester City / Chelsea and you're just jumping on a bandwagon.
Lincoln sub :OFF: 20 Carra, 7 Lee Casciaro ON: 99 Luke Wall, 4 Kian RonanSt Joseph's sub: OFF: 6 Carlos Carrasco ON: 17 Stefano Borghi
Well he is 22 so... He should have think twice before throwing darts to a legend, but he is 22...
Mate you lot have 3 league wins in the last 10 games... you have consistency its just mediocre
mira vos , zarpadooo que grande tu viejo
Bet he had to wear one of those helicopter hats too.
Presently he is I think, feel hendo has higher ceiling and would be starting if he was playing regularly
No but why in God's name does that matter
I think the players themselves have a bit of a say on what it says on their shirt cos I know Dele Alli just has Dele on the back of his shirt for personal reasons.
Kindness and tenderness
First time Ziyech got the ball and we're 14 minutes in ffs
Yeah, but it might. And that's the only trick in Klopp's bag atm.
Hi, Christian
I hope chelsea wins the final because this level of smug deserves a cl winner.
Only Chelsea attacker worth passing it to!
I cant say im not happy
Does anyone have a clip of the handball from Kante?
This is absolutely appalling.
Bananas are still the best
Holy shit what a gut punch. Just absolute bullshit.
Poor man's Mino Raiola.
That is so much better than this. There's got to be better ways to weave in the yellow tbh.Having just the Nike logo in yellow in a sea of blue around it looks weird. They could do something like how they integrated white lines in Liverpool's home kit this season.
Sure hope this makes people respect Pep a lot more. Defending a league title isn't for everyone.
He's overrated, kind of like Chelsea as a whole. He's been very lucky that he's had a very easy run of fixtures, which mask their problems in the final third.
Defenders and attackers have different standards, iirc
Unfortunately attacking handball is always hands, super aids rule
Its been so difficult to watch. Were pressing them with 4 against 7 in that first phase and then one of the full backs or midfielders just gets on the half turn and either plays it into one of their 10s or just plays a ball over the top. Gini and Thiago have been woeful off the ball, neither of them know when to go or when to stay and you can see as theyre constantly trying to sort it talking to each other but nothings happening.
woooosh
I can hes Martin Tyler sniffing Jamie carragher.
I honestly don't think so. Cafu was better at attacking but he could still defend extremely well.
One week Ole is the master of the cultural reboot and the next he's shite, i'm completely confused as to what the actual consensus on the man is at this point.
It would be unreal if England had to play a game there though
Close as it is his arm is in a ridiculous place. Pen all day.
That's true. It's still like that in the lower leagues
3 league titles, 4 Scottish cups, 1 European Cup Winners Cup and 1 UEFA Super Cup. 100%
Always brings me back to how much Liverpool fans were riled up by Bernardo Silva when he interacted with the Liverpool FT accounts. Honestly I'd love it if players took on opposition players or fans in interviews or online.
I've never seen a team so devoid of urgency as Liverpool. Literally nobody wants to drive forward and run. Nobody wants to send a first time ball forward. Nobody wants to pass into space. Every player receives the ball and thinks: "how do I slow this down". Everyone passes backwards. Refuses to hit the overlapping runner. Too much thinking about the best move 4 moves from now and not enough directness. This game could go on for 5 hours and Liverpool would not score, unless they stop thinking so much.
Perfect example
How has rudiger escaped yellow today? Jesus Christ
Werner makes me appreciate mariano
As someone who wants Fulham to stay up, Im starting to get nervous that Newcastle might actually sack Steve Bruce.
A couple of players all in one area - defence
Disgraceful
Isn't it true for the 2010s, at least the CL
Hahahaha this is one of the reasons I have not enjoyed football anywhere near as much over the last 2 years
I never got why so many people were against that Italy team (except the Aussies). I get its the combination of historical reputation and love for Zidane. I mean hell, just look at the narrative about the headbutt. I get Materazzi is easy to hate, but he is actually the victim here, you can't just go around headbutting people lol. I have actually seen people say that it's justified because Materazzi insulted him
lol what
Timo scored. Timo: Fuck r/soccer for complaining about my first touch. And what is this Liverpool defense ?
Certainly, for a rival fan to be as much confused as their supporters when their team needed just to slip past one and played like they were ahead by 3.Like draw roma for comparison, they had a thrashing at old Trafford, but still gave everything they had to, even when united scored one, they looked like they might score 5 cause of the pressing and united's reckless defending. But they were just really unlucky with their chances.After this, I can only laugh at arsenal.
Yeah I know. I dont think theyll change GK again this summer and theyll focus on other positions. I still feel like theyll have to address the position again in the near future. idk I dont mean to bash the guy but he doesnt convince me
I do not follow Ligue 1 so what happen to Ikon why wouldn't he celebrate goals with his teammates
Could very easily take up the 'David Silva role' of previous years - Pep would find a way to accommodate both of them. Even if he was on the bench for you, he'd get plenty of game time - let's not pretend he wouldn't get any minutes whatsoever.
All the front 3 should be scoring the goals
when would you say 442 died or went out of favor?
Question for all the Juve fans in here. Why isn't Fagiolo given any playing time? Isn't he the most technical and has the best passing among the midfielders in the Juve squad?
Tuchel has been a clear improvement and youd be delusional to think otherwise. Although I do think if Lampard had decided to go with 3 at the back to get the best out of our limited option in CM and make us stronger defensively then I dont think wed have been that worse off than we our now.
He's almost always calm. Rarely whines about losses/decisions. His playstyle/demeanour on the pitch also play a part.
All the people in this thread going ACKSHUALLY and pointing out the rules can fuck right off. This is an awful call, regardless if its the rule or not and decisions like this are absolutely ruining the sport
CL winner and PL winner. He sure is...
It literally hit his arm
Werners been one of your best players, hasnt given a moments rest to our back 4. Been poor on the ball but off it hes been top notch.
But yet they are one of the most boring teams to watch.
Scott McTominay
VAR scrambling to find a way to disallow
#west brom#everton#fulham#tottenhamdele alli and doherty start
We have or will have a game in hand over all of them, if I'm not wrong. I never said we're guaranteed to finish in the top 4. I'm saying we're one of the teams who are fighting for it, and we have as good a chance as anyone else.
kill me
Interesting point, Mr. Poop Himself.
What you call petty I call realism, and Bayern supporters get wound up because we kept and took two talents they were desperate for in CHO and Havertz.Tbh its not surprising that a Spurs fan would defend the BL, because you both have something in common which is suffering from a HUGE inferiority complex, so its only naturally I suppose.Im glad you can count and I also hope you enjoy the rest of your day.(Not too much though because Im hoping for a Tottenham loss)
People still believe he was ostracized from the German NT for no reason. I have to hand it to him, he has a great PR team
Id like to imagine Mendy would stop the pen, but I might also be slightly biased
how was fulham's goal disallowed for that but no pen?
because of his shit touch and he literally just pass back to liv gk... He was not bad but he was not that great either except for that goal.
If you lack a controller buy one from amazon
Mourinho hasnt been doing well in CL for quite some time. Allegri reached 2 finals with Juventus in recent era. Hell, he wouldve won if it wasnt for really great Barca and Real Madrid team. Current Allegri is better than Mourinho. He also won Serie A with a declining AC Milan.
Isn't that a good thing? Money cant buy success
Time for Liverpools trusty cross and inshallah tactic for 30 minutes
It is. Technically according to the theory, he can score up to where that line was drawn, the end of the sleeve. Which is stupid.
Practically agreed? He straight up called it the right call
Sort DD by controversional
Even under lamps that really wasn't an issue
All the big money signings Chelsea made in the summer and their young lads like Mount and Hudson-Odoi outperform them most games.I know it might take a while for some to settle in, but boggling why all of Ziyech, Werner and Havertz manage to look so mediocre for the money spent on them. They all appeared, on paper at least, to be no brainer signings in the summer as well.
Very often I see GOAT lists compiled without him. One of the most preposterous things I've seen in this sub was top 5 GOAT list with Zidane ahead of him.
He should be careful with that. Hes not as good as he keeps being told he is...
*sigh*
Klopp bringing on Milner to sure up that 1-0 loss. Elite tactician.
So does every liverpool fan 
Yes and no. We've seen so many times Jorginho because invisible if the other team press him hard. Kante just need to win the balls back and pass it to someone else as fast as he can I agree
And yet believable
For those upset by the decision there's no need to worry. Decision had to be made since we conceded unusually early, still got 20 minutes for the customary late equalizer.
Never understood why areola didn't get a club at least midtable instead of fulham
It's literally the rule though. It's a fucking terrible rule that needs changing, but any contact with the hand, regardless of intent, will get disallowed.
Liverpool's bringing on their other penalty taker. Wonder what could the tactic be.
Looks like it so far
The rule is that ANY touch of the arm that leads to a goal is penalised. So it doesnt matter that it was by his side. Its a different rule to the handball rule if it leads to a goal. Thats why it was called. Complete shite still but there you go.
I've noticed that a lot recently the past few months -- less and less Liverpool flairs around, must have gone back into their caves for the next 30 years.
I can see, smell, and taste a Werner winning-goal today
> The formation may be the same but the system is different I agree that it's different but I don't think that means it's un-usable. Matuidi drifted into midfield to assist Kante and Pogba, there's no reason we can't get that effect elsewhere. AWB drifting inside to assist while we have a dedicated RW would gain the same effect IMO.> Pogba isn't a player that should be measured by numbers because you'll come to the conclusion that he's shit I totally agree, but OP was making a point about scoring and assisting at an elite level and I was pointing out that Pogba doesn't match that definition either.Rashford has contributed nearly 30 goals this season, even with injury and other issues. The basic question here is if we think Pogba's total contribution to the team from LW outweighs that alongside the question of whether he or Fred/scotty is better for the pivot spot, where either option ahs positives and negatives.For me personally, I think Rashford out left plus Pogba in the pivot gives the team more overall
there is no way that is true
Mourinho over the course of his career is the far better manager. That said do we take his lows as a manager and what he's currently doing now into consideration as what he's still doing now is still part of his career and unfair on Klopp if we were to comapre him to just peak Mourinho.
Damn that is some atmosphere. South Americans sure know how to create it
Why the nohomo? Are you that insecure or homophobic? You can praise someone on their looks without being attracted to them
Khris Camara himself, yes.
See I think he mostly flatters to deceive and looks better than he actually ever influences results even when fit.
Lol like in every other European league
Jamie Carragher is one more sitter away from calling Sadio Mane a shitebag live on air.
Just whatsapped Klopp. He saw the ludicrous display from Boca tonight. He is hopping on the next plane to Buenos Aires, will fix this dire situation.
He would walk in your XI
Wtf was that. A spurs fan would have given that goal. Incompetence of premier league refs have no bound.
Tuchel rocking that 8 man back line
Is it controversial to say that Andre Marriner's sending off of Kieran Gibbs wasn't the worst mistake to make?They were roughly the same height, of the same build, had comparable haircuts, and (let's be honest), they had a very similar skin color. Marriner had only a split-second blur as evidence to who handled the ball.Here's the thing, though. Ox was playing as a winger and Gibbs was a defender. If you were to decide which of the two was the culprit, you'd go for the one who was naturally positioned closer to the goal. Also, Gibbs actually went over to Marriner and said "ref, it was me".I think a good comparison would be if De Bruyne handled the ball off the line and the ref sent off Zinchenko (without VAR, of course).
> that is one of the dumbest calls this season.So far. The day wasn't even over haha
chelsea robbed
Fuckin hell. How long's he out for?
That's lazy Robbo, you're literally watching the line.
He doesnt right now
Arteta only has a job still because Anthony Taylor carried you to a FA Cup so I'd quiet down about referees.
If you ever feel like you're not good enough or smart enough to succeed in life, just remember that there is somebody in the "United have made no progress" thread who thinks Rooney is the only acceptable replacement for Solskjaer.
Theyre the exception not the rule. Even the worst cities are allowed a few good eggs out of millions.
Kroos has never been the kind of guy to make digs at opponents
Right so you were talking bollocks and making decisions based on past seasons not whos currently in the top 3 CBs in the PL. Gotcha.
Cant wait for Mbappe to have a hattrick again
Just a squad player. He fell off a cliff since 2018.
Rodrigo de Paul
Thank fuck Jota is coming on
I dont see how it wasnt a pen but I guess were even now
Liverpool used it to hire Klopp after his final season at Dortmund :)
Fuck South American football has declined so much, its the worst Latam XI Ive seen in ages. Its sad to see
2021 goals at Anfield:Gundogan: 2Liverpool: 1
Those two situations are different though, if you remove their arm the ball doesn't travel where it did. In this situation, the ball is likely to end up on the same position, and the arm is practically in his pocket.
>Just checked the Ligue 1 Lol why
I hope there are goals
I get what you mean and Fulham one shouldve been fine but it's the difference between an offensive and defensive hand ball I think
Ziyech inability to hit a first time cross because he has to take it on his left annoys me.
This Barca has some fighting spirit, it has guts, it wont allow the French team to simply have a walk in a park in the second leg. Sad thing to admit, but it is what it is.
Not once during Hodgson era did we lose 5 in a row at Anfield :
If all goals are reviewed for handball how can a hand be offside.
LIVARPOOL LETS GO
lol what happened i thought werner has reborned back to a world class striker thanks to his 1 goal and 1 assist
Jesus Christ, the celebrity worship is real
My favourite part of the show, him vs Rory going off against each other was funny
si no ganamos la prxima , que estoy seguro que va a ser la ltima de Messi , no la ganamos mas tengo ese presentimiento
Why don't you blame the coach for that, lol? You're obviously going to struggle to score if there isn't a proper attacking gameplan.
Except that there is a clause that refs have discretion to rule within the spirit of the game.This shouldve never been called
VAR is a joke. EPL referees are a joke.
>Why would anyone make fun of a team for winning a domestic cup? Surely better than not winning it.
Whats weed? Are you referring to Marijuana or the unwanted plants that grow in gardens?
If it's going to happen De Noordzijde will probably find a way to get the match abandoned tbf, kamakazi flare drones would be fun.
Our npxg/shot is 0.10 which is about average it's 7th in the league. Compared to the rest of the league Everton is first with 0.12 and Wolves are last with 0.08.
Chelsea vs Liverpool is always a great fixture. The 0-0s have been mostly thanks to United
Do it, eat the ban
Imagine Beckham doing that to Keane - he wouldn't be getting them modelling deals anymore, tell you that for free.
That is the worst thing I've ever seen, and I was in 'nam
That's definitely there. I think Mumbai's quite boring too. Just all stars in one place.
It's a bit interesting coming from Kroos. His first CL final was against Chelsea when Bayern lost. He had to call an emergency doctor after having so much alcohol out of frustration that night.
I'd rather stick with Roy than Gollum.
Liverpool 2019 didn't have any as far as i can tellEdit: Unless you count players like Man, who played at Metz when he was young. No French players though.
Bring jota on no messing about now please. Get a draw for us
Salah is both prolific and completely inert.
i feel like ive missed something
James just see to be brain-dead defensively
I think itll be us tbh
Different rules on attackers vs defenders
Confuse the neanderthal.
Giving people means of communication is not the same as giving them means of education. This is the great lesson of the internet age.
partly true, but PL fans have that extra flavor of salt.
Lol we're definitely the bad guys this week.
Hes brilliant
These fucking armpit offsides have got to stop.
I hate pitches with artificial snitch
I now know he is speaking to Mount, but my first thought was him pretending 2012 never happened and ngl that's pretty funny. Has Chelsea ever been runner-ups in Ucl?
It's 2021 and Martin Tyler still talks about Ngolo Conte
Okey that header was fucking SEXY by Dave.
We need a photo finish.
Yup, just needs to work on his finishing and a bit of muscle gain, he will easily be one of the best players in the world
They can, and then immediately lose their job.  Probably not worth it.
Because they are written down on paper does not mean that it is not an idiotic rule. Football is not 1s and 0s and imo they are only ruining the experience for the fans and the players. You barely have var controversy in serie A or Bundesliga, but with the premier league it's almost like they try to outdo the previous absurdity.And also.... Lonzo is not even better than his younger brother
Just make sure DCL scores hatty for my fpl, I am starving as a Bruno salah Barnes owner this gw ffs
It wasn't the motive to reduce football, xG is a tool to analyze football. xG doesn't reduce it, the people using it can possibly do.
Judging oles facial reaction like a psychic recently on his pressers, also there's a rumor going around that Ole has been told he won't get an extension and his contract is running out
What the fuck.
Refs wont give lesser teams no break it seems, never a handball
How exactly? He is the best football news source out there but for some reason people are so desperate to shit on him when he inevitably gets something wrong after breaking about 20 other transfers. My favourite braindead fans are the ones who get mad at him for confirming a story from another journalist because they see it as piggybacking or some dumb shit like that.
 the plastics
They end in 5-20
Because attackers and defenders have different rules for handball
Before I opened the link I thought he was making a joke about 2012, pretending that it didn't happened, but I realised that was Chelsea's second anyway.
KDB for Fernandes, Rashford for Cavani and Rodri for Foden
>did successfully abduct, prosecute and hang Adolf EichmannThere was a fairly decent movie made about this a few years back with Oscar Isaac and Ben Kingsley named after the operation itself, *Operation Finale*.
I know the rules, they're the problem...
Dumbass example lmaoBrit schooling system
lol are you 12?
i just don't like it when people say things like:"really, liverpool were lucky to win the league, they had lower xG and higher xGA than Man City" (haven't looked at the stats don't know if that's true or not. If a player is having a good season he will convert more chances vs a player who is playing badly. Also xG seems to not take context of chances into account very well.
Philippe Senderos?
Shit cunt robertson at it again
I definitely thought I'd seen less pressing intensity this season but couldn't remember if it had started earlier.
Odd sub there. Carragher put it well: 'Need a goal and bring off the top goalscorer in the league?'
Players usually appeal when there's a handball, non of the Spurs players appeal. Just look disappointed they conceded. How demoralizing must that have been for the Fulham players?
What about it lol
Also, not a native speaker, he doesnt think in a subtle trashtalking way in english, this is probably just a genuine translation in his mind
If you dive, you have to get kicked in the balls by the other teams keeper.
im OOTL is pulisic a facist?
Can't watch NBA too. I think refs are worse there
Barca clapped Alaves with 6 goals before playing PSG and Messi was back again, apparently.
Lmao fuck off
thats one of the clearest pens youll see, wtf var lol
Ah right yeah I see, I get what you mean but I do think that game was fairly comfortable for yous tho, we never really looked like equalizing
3 months ago?
Yeah it's a handball but it's really shit rule.Where is he even supposed to put his arm at that moment.
Who is sahin?
Chelsea have 5 players in central areas of defense. There is a reason the defensive record under Tuchel is so good.
Yeah its just ammo for rival fans and their opinions to whip out by pointing to one of our own
They're in the top half of the table, the sky's the limit
I think Flick needs more time to be considered on that level
They got him for a year and didn't have to worry about the long term consequences of signing him?Honestly i have no idea why but i remember it being a thing
I hate that we still let Pulisic and Alonso anywhere near the pitch.
Who is bonny ? Or do you mean bobby ?
his best
Here1st Goal reaction-41:302nd Goal reaction-46:00 (he's cursing Sarr here) And you can watch the rest until the third goal and after that skip to when Porto scores
Luckily we're good at selling and 2/4 players are definitely not on sale.
Nick Pope was in my dreams last night, dont remember why
Is that something you stick up your arse?
Were going to walk all over you even without Neymar or Kean.
Fuck off Man
Me and my mate looked into the infamous disallowed goal when Ronaldo chipped the keeper and Nani headed it in.Pique had made a challenge on Ronaldo and was lying on the floor close to the touchline playing Nani onside.It should have counted.
Long ball to Mendy seems to be our attack plan so far...
Absolute joke wtf can he do there
Ruben Dias or Bruno Fernandes.
How awesome would it be to play Mario Kart double dash on there. Problem is there are just around 2.000 pillows on there, and you can see at best 500 at a time. So it would be a very low resolution.
Ziyech could fit his arm through a donut
Why the comment thread feels like Liverpool has already lost the game. I honestly expect them to get one back but hopefully we can score another.
https://twitter.com/andynaylorbhafc/status/1367501082306506756?s=21nah hes actually taking the piss now. been saying the same things for almost 2 seasons its making me lose my mind how can he try to defend our dreadful attack. how hard is it for him to just acknowledge we arent good instead of these weird ramblings on how scoring a goal is terribly difficult
right to bear arms is only enshrined in MLS :
Spurs getting away with murder. Thats worse than the Soucek red, ref didnt even go to the screen. What the fuck is he supposed to do, ball blasted at him from a yard away, its going to hit his side anyway, what the fuck is this rule.
Yeah, ~~that desicion was~~ the new rule is bullshit.
Lots of Nazis went to the US too, so maybe he could play CONCACAF's golden cup?
Good for you, then.
Christ is that a fucking anime celebration from mason mount
Your body reaction when youre nervous is the same as when youre excited, most sportsmen/women translate those feelings as excitement rather than nervous i believe.
What are the biggest flops so far?
Tucked in in line with his head? The fuck you looking at
The two teams that beat city recently used similar tactics. Chelsea and Leeds with high pressure, deep defensive line, fast counters, wing play. Its almost better to play a false 9 or deep target man with the wingers playing highest up. With such a style you can counter them. 3 at the back is good against them as you can overwhelm their attackers with too many bodies around them. If anyone can beat Man City I believe its Tuchels Chelsea. In the Fa Cup Chelsea even controlled the ball for a long period before their goal.
This will be a bloodbath one way or the other.Either Chelsea or we win by at least 4 goals. No in-between.
Djimi Traore > Bacary Sagna confirmed, flawless logic m8 well done.
I still believe that VAR in Champions League and FIFA WC is better and doesn't impact the game as much as it does in many local league.On the other hand, the VAR in PL is absolutely shit and it's been more than a year. Can't believe this.
if it was similar to your regular banter maybe take the hint
We've got no chance of winning the derby, so Leicester will leapfrog us when they beat Brighton. If Chelsea beat Liverpool and Everton, they'll be 1 point behind us.Fancy West Ham to beat Leeds too, and guess who they have after that?
Leverkusen-Gladbach Schalke- Mainz Both will have huge implications.
Cmon Ben you have to do better there
I agree, taking nothing away from bruno but when I said our best player I meant ability wise. Without Pogba we are seeing the mess we are, we need to respect him more.
Nah your defense and midfield is better and barca's attack is better.You midfield is consists of kroos, modric and casemiro there ain't team with better midfield than this.
so harsh...
If any here plays FIFA ultimate team, Mount's team is mostly Liverpool players
Maybe not absolute top team material but McNeil is one to keep an eye on imo
That just means it's a poorly written rule not that we need to introduce judgement calls again
He is literally congratulating him on reaching his *first* UCL final, I see nothing bad about that tbh.
*Bambay*
Hahaha thats actually amazing, what a breadboy lazyan, not Kroos
Wasnt the most successful manager picked up from Scottish League?
Being protective is different though. Obviously United fans won't want people piling in on him, but I think most United fans recognize he isn't near world class yet. His talent is world class, but his decision making is something you'd expect from a bottom of the table winger. Once he improves his decision making and passing, then he can take the title of being a top top player. But I rarely see our own fans say he is world class.
He lost such right in 2014
Don't feel like I've seen any nay sayers for a while now
Not like Chelsea didn't have nasty tackles that game either
i mean our last four years still have 2 trophies and 2 other finals, and 2 of them had a prime eden hazard, so don't worry about feeling to bad for us.
Your remember Henry, Van Persie, Ramsey, etc? They have left Arsenal to join better teams and big win trophies, Modric should have done the same after Cristiano left us.
fcking VAR and bad refs again.... PL YOU ARE DOING A SHIT JOB AT THIS
mate its a football game not an opera.Dirty tackles are part of the game
Ooh I am scared -_-
The Athletic furiously typing up another "Curtis Jones is the future" article after another bang average performance.
12 mins for Liverpool to stop making an infamous record
Use RIF
YOU WILL TAKE EL AND YOU WILL LIKE IT!
Second after Cruijff
crazy dodgy VAR decision.
My bad, meant to reply to the comment above you.
I now really hope City bitch slapped them. Some of their fans are being pretty sore winners.
Firminamino
Lad theyre wank and plummeting like a stone lol I mean Ill take it but a draw wouldve been great for us here with Chelsea next game
hahaha i respect this from Toni Krooshes gonna be a great pundit when he retires
How do you see the downvotes on a stickied comment?
Bruno is absolutely not getting in over Kroos or Modric
Spurs winning and Fulham losing keeps the top 4 race and relegation battle on, increases viewership. With how much money is involved in football, and how clear-cut these things are with VAR, you just can't rule out this possibility.
It was like a subplot of my dream but Ive had a couple of them
Made by a ghoul
Werner is basically a black hole They find him whenever they want the possession to dissapear
Silky Ilkay or Cancelo .. what a season those 2 are having
Im sorry but this is a cowardice lineup from Tuchel. Were playing against a Liverpool team whos been in terrible form both attacking and defence wise and we put out a team this defensive? If we dont get a positive result Tuchel has to take a lot of heat.
One of the greatest of all time. I miss him so much
Big Sam vs Don Carlo, clash of the titans
found you finally. knew you'd be on this sub.
Chelsea sub bench had blankets
He provides pretty much exactly what you expect from a 20m striker from Leganes, so you cant say hes been below expectations
5d chess from Sanchez playing a poor clearance off a hand
Probably 4th or 5th.
Are you kidding me?
Thats just terrible.
See how he mentioned "your first CL Final"
That's harsh on Lemina & Fulham. What is he supposed to do?
Chelsea look great tbf
At least Werner gives a shit so theres that
ok you're just being a twat for the sake of it I see
Tbh nobody was expecting them to retain or do well right?
Looking forward to Jorginho and Ziyech pinging some through balls for Werner
Do you take me for a reddit developer?
Lmao that Villa fan talking about the eye test yesterday must be in bits.
they look at everything tbf
A lot of the teams around you are faltering too. Leicester are one of the most inconsistent teams ever, one week they look like title challengers and the next week they look like a bottom half team.Liverpool have dropped a lot of points recently as everyone knows. West Ham, Chelsea and even Everton are chugging along okay but there was a points gap to make up so you're still out in front. For what it's worth though if Everton win our 2 games in hand (don't worry, we won't) then we'd only be 2 points behind you.
Who cheated? The officials? I dont get this comment
Werner should have a goal and has been a consistent threat.
Distance is also taken into consideration with handballs too...
Hyperbole
Thought they put us back on during the last WC? This sub alone has 2 million users, which is still a large number. By my calculations that's 4 million eyes.
The majority of reactions on must either be from kids or mentally unstable adults
Well yeah, but I still don't trust him. It's always that 1 lapse that we concede from. Earlier in the season it was always one mistake from Dier/Sanchez or whoever that negated the other 85 minutes of good defensive work and lost us 2 points.
Got my Northampton season ticket for next season. Shame I couldn't go to any games while they were in League 1 but at least I should be able to see a few more wins next season.
They aren't conceding as much tho. They conceded more with Van Dijk and Gomez. Its more to do with them missing sitters.
Liverpool never allowed to cry about VAR again
Jota thought he'd join in with the diving aswell
Fucken love it man
Penalties need to be revamped. You shouldnt get a guaranteed goal for plays which would never result in a goal
Said while crying.
torres, suarez... firmino
It's the inconsistency that gets you. I've seen marginal handballs given as pens this season, and I've seen Maguire clearly handle the ball in his own box under zero pressure and the ref just wave it on. All season it just seems like a dice roll with handball decisions.
Decent goal that
happy birthday to sir king kenny dalglish. legend
Then they didn't find any
Yes I was saying, shoo
How Else would you do it? Its the only way to eliminate human error from the equation. Lets not forget that Liverpool have had these calls against them to, so it cant be called unfair
LiVARpool as usual
Allison is having an iffy season. Not completely on him, but tough for the guy. And you let Werner score on you too?
Mane doesn't know how to hit the A button
We can't celebrate wins without getting called delusional
Happy for the call as a Saints fan, FURIOUS at the call as a soccer fan. At least it's consistently bad.
Kings.
To be fair I've just read it all back and you are right, I am in this instance.
Hes an arrogant asshole but ok
Offside because of his elbow...
Don't..
I love when foreigners are puzzled when English people enjoy the misfortune of Liverpool -- they don't realise that the scousers are some of the most hated people in England.
It's a pen, IMO. The bigger issue is that next game it'll be given and another it won't.
r/gunners is a treasure trove of whiney fans posting clips and images from every single game to the tune of "if it was Arsenal it would have been a red...".
Youll never escape Neil Warnock. The man will never retire
Is it inaccurate? As far as I know his numbers are usually in-line with Opta and Understats xG numbers
To be fair, for a lot of people, 'snitch' is specific country slang, especially for those who live in countries where British English is the default one--most of them I would suspect
I wouldn't sell the Sper Lig short, you guys produce quality players, and Basaksehir was a good team in a very tough group.And Burak is so good. Hopefully he's available against Monaco, as he's been injured and we've been missing him
Was missing for a long time and when he actually got into the game he gave the ball away. Had one nice cross though.
*Spurs fans put their Audi Cup trophy back*
So should be 2-0 chelsea and then a liverpool pen we dont know if Mendy would have saved. Got you.
I know as much as that it was written off in the ultra scene and matchgoing crowd as a huge fuck up by Veh (former sporting director) and forgiven. At the same time he's just a kid but still fuck him.
His passing isn't terrible as much as his timing of passing and releasing a pass higher up the pitch. It negates his best advantage with the way he chases and wins the ball
I feel like there is an agenda by refs against VAR, because they could use it to make the game more accurate, instead they're using it to infuriate and make illogical decisions leading to a recall by the Premier League.
I dont pretend to know the truth how could any of us but Ozil has shown over the years that hes not above releasing PR spin to make himself look good and others poorly.
Didn't he get into something recently with auba over wearing a mask when celebrating?
This is the first time I see a peruvian soccer club logo here. Nice.
I hate the fucking VAR offside checks with a passion
Itll be another 4-1, maybe 4-2 if Messi has a field day.
Dont say mate, say something less country specific like comrade
We've created the 2nd most chances in the league under Tuchel (86) but we have the 11th highest non-penalty xG in the league. We're not creating enough quality chances.But then again, we've scored 5 NPG and have 7.22 xG so the finishing has to improve drastically as well.
He just hasn't got it at all. It all feels so weird. The Man United I grew up with was a machine, they would never have accepted mediocrity like this.
He hasn't quite adapted to the PL yet, not sure if it's nerves or what, but you do feel that there's always going to be something there for the forwards.
Yeah, never.
Why is Edouard Mendy there? spectators aren't allowed in the stadiums
Another instance where people will criticize VAR who took the right decision not the rule which is stupid.
You guys got very close to facing each other in 2012 and 2014 final.Who would have won I wonder??
Why, he is not playing well? Benfica fans were saying he was excellent at the start of the season
It's commonly used because it's a simple formula, whereas the reason why clubs hire Data Analysts/Statisticians is to build their own models because meaningful statistics are complicated and require specific context/data.
I think as fans we need to look at ourselves. This is a shit situation, but it is a product of us screaming for consistency was something goes against us, and then arguing for spirit of the game when the letter of the law is applied.
The RM spin doctors are out in full force here. This is such a cringey dig.
LOL gimme the salt
Werner hasn't done anything wrong it's laughable that people are blaming him for not scoring an awkward bouncing ball that was hoofed backwards and directly in front of the keeper
And bruno
Should've hired Brucey
If this is true, kroos seems sort of stupid. Hes 22, why belittle a super young player for making it to the CL finals, same age he did it himself?
I'm sure Mount a Chelsea boy remembers Kroos' first final
You can say you don't like the rule, but that's 100% the correct decision. VAR did its job perfectly here.
Revolutionary was hyperbole, but you must have seen the amount of praise for "clear improvement" he's getting such a short time in because of their unbeaten run, especially after they beat Atletico (in what wasn't a great game IMO).
Its more that Pique really wasnt a factor in the United CL. Like, at all. He was a bench player. Not the case for his Bara ones. He wasnt a starter CB for the 08 Euro either.  Ramos was a starter for club and country for all his trophies. And probably the 2nd most important player and in one case, most important in all the UCLs.
Holy moly we are so bad. Like, weve been proper championship quality for 2 months
Especially when you consider counter attacks.You can feasibly have a defender block a shot with an accidental handball, boot it down the pitch and have it tapped in by a striker.The assist caused by a handball... Does the goal stand or is it ruled out for handball? If it's ruled out, is it a penalty?
Rip Yuri, I've watched a couple of games where he commentated on and you can tell he was very passionate for his job.
Youre right and the comparisons are wrong but in this instance by the rules its a handball, unnatural position and fully hi fives the ball away.
WHAT A BANGER
I mean according to the laws of the game as theyre written, thats a penalty but the more important counterpoint is that var doesnt give a fuck about the rules
Same lol. Every time after the match irrespective of what really happened there I think about why I even watch them. I only watch United these days and even then feel fatigued lol.
There's some misinformed talk about Leipzig on here today so here's a short reminder:Hadn't Red Bull gifted them 100m without a real reason one year ago, then they would've been the Bundesliga club with the most debt. Would've had even more debt than Schalke. They are not a financially well run club. They are the epitome of blindly throwing money around and hoping something sticks. The amount of expensive and bad transfers they did in their short span of existence is astounding.
I'm still triggered by the "handball" on Dier against Newcastle this is basically the same thing for Fulham fans
>United, West-Ham and Leicester are top 4, with the form Milan had in autumn theyd be thereThe Premier League's bottom half teams are superior to Serie A's. They wouldn't have so many points to begin with.
No, this team are done, top 4 challenge for them next season
I just want consistency.
Thats an awful decision, we all saw mane get the ball. Atkinson can fuck his mum the skinny fuckin prick.
Handball rules needs some changes. Where the fuck do you go from there? Cut their fucking arms off? Ffs. lol
incorrect
Arms are in a natural position. The fuck is that. Ruining the game
And it was spot on. I mean at least I agree with him. Especially the griezmann celebration. It's a bit disrespectful.
completely different I agree, the fulham one earlier is just ridiculous because he can't put his arm anywhere else and it was over his body anyway.this one is ridiculous because he literally stops the ball going to its intended destiation with an illegal part of his body lol
It's a tweet from Kroos though. Not a link to interview comment
Impossible to know really. Also he said first, implying there will be multiple.
Punched by a drunk half naked liverpool fan in 06
Liverpool players, esp the forward players, just dont see to care. there doesnt see to any hunger. Firmino just stopped and gave up
he doesnt have to all he has to do is acknowledge that we have to be better instead of trying to defend our terrible form in front of goal
But they're too isolated to capitalize on it.
Ah yeah, ok.. so a player who won 4CLs, 1 world cup has to find excuses for 1 game, ok mate.
Refs making it up as they go along and zero consistency in the decisions.
Its that German efficiency
Pretty good stats and has moment of brilliance's as you said which make him look outstanding and not everyone watches every United game.I also don't think he's that highly rated by people tbh.
They "unofficially" changed the rule regarding defence after all the awful decisions early on in the season. They will "unofficially" change the rule regarding offence as well after this. No harm done. /s
So deserved. Chelsea a level above the Liv tonight. Tuchel set them up perfectly
Sadly rules for defensive and offensive handballs are different
Who's right about xG being worthwhile?A bunch of us Redditors who can't run for 10 minutes straight, let alone 90OrJack Grealish
hahah what the fuck how is it offside
His management did worldclass brainwashing worthy PR
What in the fuck.That is the worst decision I have ever seen in my life.
I know Madrid were dealing with injuries, but I found it very odd that Zidane went with a back 3 in both matches. It's so hard to play well in a new system when you're playing a team that plays that identical system, week in week out. Chelsea just looked more comfortable and fluid since they play this way every week
Tuchel timed playing his no handball penalties card to perfection
>your club be taken over by some sheikh to advertise an oil countryany day this over getting into administration because of some thai owner
He works hard but seems to be running around like a mind less chicken atm
Because implementing a high intensity pressing system that looks to win the ball back high up the pitch requires you to play a high line.
Journalist: *asks Kroos a question in super fast spanish*Kroos: I understood the question pretty well, but it would be nice if the questions were a bit slower next time.different or same? Journalist: *continues to ask Kroos a question in super fast spanish ignoring Kroos' request*Kroos with a dry and sarcastic tone: Yea, thanks. Thank you for obliging so swiftly with the slow spanish.
That villa one was a massive deflectionEdit: still hate him for it
Tuchel's Chelsea has yet to look good v. a press.
Turners Cross should host every single match
newcastle easily
There is people in his own team who have won more
Anfield
Mane has been dogshit this season.
truckload of money means you don't have to spend much on development, buy the best players from other teams.
*heavy breathing*
Excuse me?
Does anyone actually take this league seriously anymore? The officials and the rules are an absolute joke to the sport.
Lmfao first time Im using the save function on reddit this shit funny af. Idk if youre actually in love with your player who was getting bood and abused by your own fans until CL run or if youre just sad your club isnt going to scam 200m Vdb Ziyech De Ligt haram deals anymore?
Whenever I have been on there my impression is that the Ole in crowd genuinely don't think a manager does anything. Nothing is ever Ole's fault.
Zeki elik is pretty good isn't he?
How has Renato Sanches been?
He created more than anyone on the pitch that game.
They will finish above Milan in the league comfortably. Milan have fallen off pretty badly recently and I genuinely wouldn't be surprised to see them get thrashed by United in the Europa either
He's only gone and done it!!
Draw, win, win
> or creates a goal-scoring opportunityThe goal scoring opportunity was created by the defenders trying to get the ref to call handball rather than defending.
This stat was fun before we broke it last season
Zidane used to purposely kick the ball at peoples arms to wins penalties from close distance, I thought they patched this
He even has a post where he says he has a podcast
Was that the same time period Madrid fans had to use google translate for their club announcements?
when var came into play
Id rather my league be represented well in europe and stack up to the best teams in europe
I think he would really benefit from playing in a stricter system, hes got all the skills to succeed he just needs to mentally develop that side of his game. The thing is, he probably enjoys it more under Ole then he would under a stricter manager. Hes got more freedom to do his own thing.
Is this just for the PL? What a shit fucking rule
> One of the most unlikeable players for me their most unlikeable player
They were pretty bad in the tail end of last season. Bobby in particular has been struggling for a while.
Reported for baldness.
What the fuckedy fucks
>If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence.
How does Van Dijk get in? Decent at Southampton but not good enough to get in a team of the decade, and 2 world class seasons in the 2010-2020 decade. No way does that qualify him for it, if hed joined Liverpool and performed at this level a few years ago, maybe, but not when he was only world class for 2 years in this decade.Edit: to add onto this, Im not sure about Salah either. Been brilliant since he signed, but thats still only 2.5 years in the decade, Id have Sterling or Vardy over him.
I mean, I pay 90 bucks to watch a season of only Knicks games on NBA Leaguepass. So this wouldn't surprise me
Yeah, they lost to United in 08
the what?
That would've been controversial
I remember reading that Debt is actually beneficial to football clubs. A small manageable amount of debt of course, not insane amounts. Can someone explain to me how that is? ELI5
Is this the worst PL title defence ever? Like Liverpool are nearly 20 points off the top with 11 games remaining.
Mount would be such a big miss for Chelsea against atletico in second leg.
This is one of the most reactionary takes Ive seen on Reddit. Our scouting has been unreal for the last few years. You cant use Kabak as an example, its mid season, biggest injury crisis the clubs ever seen and whos going to sign knowing theyll be 5th choice once everyones fit again?Stop chatting balls mate.
for a moment there I was about to say we are still in the 2010s, idk how I'm 2 years late lmao
That would make this much easier to judge. At least foot/head position would work. It makes no sense to use a random point somewhere along their arm if they cant use any of their arm to score.
I don't know. But at least stop pretending to be your friend
That VAR call has left a very sour taste in my mouth
yep the ridiculously tight and record breaking title race with city the season before and winning the champions league was a blip also, makes total sense. Not a shit take at all.
Counting on it
Kante redeemed himself from missing that pass earlier to Ziyech
Yeah and OBVIOUSLY I'm included
Werner shouldve worn shorter sleeves
Sanchos got something like 11 goal contributions in 2021, and rashford has been excellent for Man U all season. If anyones on the periphery, its Saka
If the government get involved, there is no way they don't use the London Stadium. Try and get more use out of it.
5th consecutive home loss: mark it under things you love to see
Hahaha deffo isn't the form is worse now but those were dark times
Im still unusually confident Newcastle will stay up
Look at all of Suarez's Clasico goals. I swear most of them are from Roberto assists.
There needs to be some kind of margin of error on these as long as VAR can manually move the line.
Ludicrious decision
pep-mou would be brilliant to watch, a perfect balance of counter attacking-high pressing-quick transition based team who know how to keep the ball15 goals conceded 70 goals scored in one league season
Possibly
I hope
we don't lol this guy is a troll
I think its more the fact he liked a post advocating for antifa members to be shot mate
VAR saves Alissons cold feet
He said on the podcast with his brother that he doesn't like over the top celebrations and mentioned Auba and Griezmann wonder why people always ignore that as examples.And for some reason people got super mad about it and even tried to spin some racism angle onto it.
Bit rich
he was injured for a month in october and then for 2-3 weeks in july. in between he had a yellow ban or small injury aswell, but it was maybe 1 game. for his standards, that was his best bayern season so far, also physically.ps: yes i have a thiago-tattoo. but its for the ladies only.
Heres a shot on target
tbf sevilla have been overachieving for quite some timewhen you look at the actual personnel their attack is underwhelming
Btw why did I get a 7 day ban from /r/chelseafc ? Can't even defend Tammy these days
What the fuck is Milner coming on for? Klopp has lost the plot here
Liverpool hasn't scored from open play in 10 hours on Anfield. Jeez
Yes Im furious that the one good scouser is in the team. I could cry into my pillow at night. I think its an overrated team because it is. Rinse and repeat as usual
Haha I meant like brentford fundamentally use this stats driven model to find undervalued players. Dont just mean brentford, but theyre well documented
Seems so.That highline cannot work without Van dijk
Im sure he finds a way to top her
When you win 3 titles in a row you are probably slightly less pissed about losing the next, or rather, you can afford to feel more humble in defeat as you're in a position of strength.
Good question, he is back in squad for few games now already but is not playing. The best explanation so far is that it's still post-covid struggles. There were some players in other teams who experienced the same.
First shot on target in 85th min
LOL if Jota is playing off the left taking off Salah makes even less sense
Yeah he seems proper sound
Or the handball call on Moura against Sheffield United as he was hacked down
I don't know what handball is anymore.
This ad popped up on my local news website: https://imgur.com/a/cmSb3tp I didn't know Ole had a second career.
Yeah I thought they had a point with goals that deflect off the arm and straight into the back of the goal. This is stupid though.
"Jones played 13 games all of last season and it looks like he's pushing for 30 games this season which shows you how much he's improved." - Sky comentator. ...Really? ... Is there a reason why he's played that many games this season? Cause he's improved? It's such a mystery why Liverpool are doing worse this year, I just can't put my finger on it... What in the world could it be ?!
Cant say/see anything on that..
I got abuse for saying that Zidane still has a lot to learn, for example what Mourinho done to Bale is a proof that ZZ clearly has his flaws, like being arrogant that prevented him from working with Bale properly.
The ownership comments of people in there read like a tv series review.
Red star won it just a few months after the war started. By the time they played Bayern at home in the semi final, I think Mihajlovic's home town of Vukovar (on the border between Croatia and Serbia) had already been shelled. Half the team left the club in the summer of 1991 and the rest of them left a year later.
Salah would be more useful out of position than Sadio is rn. Im surprised he came off for Jota
The worst part is that is not a var fuck up because some ref is smoking crack in that room. The decision is correct according to the rules
You're comparing a football club to a manical dictator that oppresses and starves his own people? Well done.
Ok, it should be 1-1 now haha
> Either way, it's a simplistic overview showing United's lack of objective progress.
Our last 4 meetings are Salah yoga celebtration banger, Trent FK banger, 5-3 title lift, 2-1 Christensen red card and now for tonight we will see.
The search box option takes over 1 minute, I dont think people with their hot takes have patience for that
Wasnt gonna drink until next weekend, but here we go.
Werner really fell off a cliff
Thats not an opinion though. Its stating a fact, and its a fact that isnt true
We dont want him. 2 days old account
Big Sam in?
Don't get me wrong, I like him a lot, I think he's a very consistent performer, but in these games he sort of APPEARS different, more frightening and aggressive, and just has a bit more of a presence. It's hard to explain and I realise now he doesn't fit OP's question.
Jack Grealish and Harry Kane
> Chelsea should look to Donnarumma on a freeI also think Union Berlin should look to get Mbappe if he doesn't renew his contract at PSG. Would fill the void if Max Kruse leaves.
Ah yeah, that's a fair point.In terms of football then I think it's even less about 'wrong' or 'right'.
the word might already talks about unlikely outcomes & possibilities.
Liverpool are just that bad right now. Thiago ran the show vs Chelsea for Bayern last year and now hes left looking out of place in this side
>Eusebio????
Thiago has utterly broken the team, not his fault tbf he doesnt suit the system
Is he in Forlan's shadow?
They drew the first meeting and have been in decent form. I wouldnt be so sure
That seems..awfully low? Ashley should pull the trigger before it's too late imo. And I absolutely love Bruce, one of my favourite players
Probably ''St. Totteringhams Day'' which is... less universal.
Twitter as a whole is a cesspool
Hummels would absolutely shit all over Sancho the moment they got into the changing rooms if he reacted like that just from him telling him to stay onside. He's practically just telling him to focus up.It's not a massive deal but it's still dumb. He's not asking for much.
A good number were expressing disappointment when City were thrashing Liverpool. I can only it's just posturing? City were already on a roll at that point, can't imagine anyone sane believing they would suddenly collapse enough for a stumbling United team to take advantage of
I dont have any doubts after watching him with Fenerbahce.
Pulisic supports some far right opinions and personalities in the US
I would absolutely CRUSH my centerbacks if they literally anything that fits their mental fantasy, every single time. Some of you need to leave the basement - guy youre talking about
These days, if you dismiss racism in the German national team, you'll be locked up and thrown in jail.
Just finished Sunderland Til I Die, wish all the best for Maja! Not so much for his agent.
Yeah he's establish and has been for a while but Henderson, Milner, VVD, Alisson, Mane, Salah, Firmino, Fabinho, Robertson and even Lovern are/were players I'd just imagine are above him in seniority.
Sacary Bagna
Liverpool is a big test, regardless of their form they've been creating notable chances against teams not named City, if Tuchel can limit them that would be something, as of right now I'm not convinced he's doing anything Fat Frank couldn't.
Lucien Favre.
Subzero... You mean Ryu
This is the 3rd time I'm seeing the same thing happen in the past half an hour. People saying you're from "xyz" why do have an opinion?Fucking hell it's 2021, football is global. Are these people living under a rock or what?
Horrendous rule. Decision is correct according to the rule.
How tf are we supposed to know, its pretty hard to predict how footballers will develop
One of the harshest decisions this year surely.
It's only "smart" enough to outwit these idiotic PL refs
Yeah, this is an alternative but I feel like, till recently(Trent and Robertson) the PL hasnt had fullbacks who are considered near the best in the world, so opted for 3 at the back.
Nah this take is pretty bad.Every 6 months Bale puts on a statement performance then goes back to doin fuck-all for another 6. Just because he scored a few goals against Burnley, Wolfsberger, and Stoke does not make him fit for Madrid. Hope he's back in Spain in a few months.
The LFC sub has like 50% activity nowadays as well
Missing: Sevilla players assholes. That defending last night especially by Carlos was shambolic. Almost as bad as Man Utds attacking
At 21 he scored 9 and assisted 4 in 1700 minutes last season.Hes not been great this season, but as a player hes hardly the first thing they need to get rid of.
Changed to Enrique.
It's much funnier the 6th time
Arsenal screwed by VAR in a match they arent even playing in.
Called an emergency doctor after losing a football game? Pussy.
That was all last season. Back then Lampard changed his tactics for big games. This season it looked like he had no plan. It was all past to the sides. The pressing was bad and the team for it's life couldn't attack through the middle.
The comments here are so narrative driven its insane. You'd think Werner has been messing up clear chances every other minute this game by reading this thread.
Refs ask for diving by not giving any fouls unless the attacker hits the ground. Endless cycle
Whistling every week? Were we watching the same games?
He could let them play for another 90 minutes and Liverpool wouldn't score.
Joel Ward was immense last night. He is such an incredible player for us, always does a job, always gives his all and is always there. His block for the Cavani chance was so well executed and brave. Man Utd looked bloody awful, really disappointed we didn't go for it more, the points were there for the taking. Where is Pogba? Bruno was not getting the ball forward to Cavani, Rashford was ineffective and PvA had Greenwood's number which is rather scary.
Not quite, just like how there are good gamblers and bad gamblers.xG *does* however rely on the fact that for every finisher who over performs by 3, there are 3 that underperform by 1. And over the years and years these data have been collected, this has proven to be true.
As a United fan, it hit his chest
It touched Lenglet's chest before his arm. But I do think Barcelona should have been given a penalty in the second half. A Sevilla player literally threw himself at the ball and hugged it
The only real plus today is I think Kabak has had a proper decent game, if this is his level I think he'll be worth the buy, especially with him being so young.
Playing Mount and Ziyech feels redundant
Give me Simeone - Mourinho masterclass
It literally takes 30 seconds max
I don't know mate that sounds pretty meh
Hopefully fulham will be more on Liverpools level for the next home game.
he literally was quote tweeting something about mason mount, so he was obviously just talking about him specifically. i know youve only been a chelsea fan for a few years now, but kroos would obviously remember other finals involving chelsea
Cole really said rely on VAR 
Did mane get a hair transplant thought his hair was way worse
Now I see why people are calling Werner shit
You mean Portuguese my dude?
Definitely had nothing to do with beating Bayern, Barcelona, and being better than Tottenham. Absolutely no correlation there
Iniesta, if I'm not mistaken, is actually the single most successful player in the 21st century, trophy-wise. Xavi probably the 2nd.
Best club in the UK
Of course there are levels to this and I agree that the way he explained it was too much. I get that giving up money and all that, those are the people who make football better. Just saying that taking *only* the word loyalty and going on a strawman tangent is not exactly the point that was being made there.
To be fair, you need to have very high IQ to understand the sophisticated and refined subtlety of this tweet.
Jota needs to come on
His armeth is literally tuck'd into his corse. I actually knoweth not what he couldst've done to stand ho t from hitting his armeth????***^I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.Commands: `!fordo`, `!optout`
not malicious, just a good fun trash talk man..
Not sure Id put half a dozen Russian league titles above lloris captaining France to a world cup
This is my very honest Manchester XI right now-.          Ederson   Cancelo Dias Stones Shaw       Pogba GundoganFoden       KDB      Rashford           Bruno
Nonchalanticity.
A player is an attacker when they score or it goes to another attacker who immediately scores.
If Man Utd win the Europe league, and they're also in the top 4, does that mean 5th place also qualifies for Champions league?
In terms of Uruguay legends, for sure.
Liverpool hasn't won a match at Anfield since December 16th. Christ. Forget who, some London club I think.
The competition at CB is relatively weak for the decade. I would say his five or so years of good service, one of them being a true ballon d'or contender, is good enough for a spot. I think the people who say Trent over Walker speak absolute absolute nonsense, but VVD and Salah are both completely fair.
Don't have to the way we're playing tonight
Yeah and the dude was talking negatively about antifa, which is an action reddit does *not* like.
It'll be 16 stadiums. My brother and I decided roughly on- Wembley- One other London stadium- New Everton stadium/Anfield- Old Trafford- Elland Road- St. James Park- Villa Park- Hillborough- Stadium of Light- Celtic Park- Ibrox- Hampden Park- Croke Park/Aviva Stadium- Parc U Caoimh- 1 Northern Ireland stadium- Millenium Stadium
The only World Cup where there werent at least two European team in the semi finals was 1930 where Argentina, Uruguay, USA and Yugoslavia were in the semi finals
VAR can get absolutely fucked. Suppose we just have to sign players without arms going forward.
disliking corporate entities injecting money into the landscape of football is a legitimate reason, even if I am personally indifferent to them
That's disrespectful he had multiple world class seasons
I'll never agree with such tight calls
Are you insane? Kroos at 22 was a starter at Bayern in their treble winning season
What do you mean I get to see 9 goals all the time
Seeing people say Dias or cancelo will win POTY makes me sad. I miss them. Fuck you Jorge Jesus
Bundesliga performances need to be assessed with some calibration imo
Like seriously who is he aiming for
NRAymar is still my favourite haha.
Do you know how analogies work
Can someone clue me into any Mount-Kroos drama
As has been pointed out above, this was clearly the right call.
You cant forget that he isnt a native speaker, they often get mis/overinterpreted, I really dont think this is a dig, why would he
This is Mambo n.5
Loads have won more
Nothing is funnier then Arteta turned the season aroundArsenals standards are on the floor
Lol just dont have arms
Jimmy Bullard?
Kenny with the oven mitts
Rudiger is panicking under the pressure every time and Mendy hasn't found a blue shirt that isn't Rudiger yet.
Yes, I do believe he is. Argentines obviously will say that Maradona is better because he won them the World Cup while Messi didn't. But first I believe that it doesn't make sense to judge individual players on team achievements. And second Messis peak was so much longer than that of Maradona. Messi had been the best player in the world for more than a decade. Maradona for just a few years while the earlier and later stages of his career were weaker. We also have Pele of course. He also has a strong claim for being the greatest. At his time brazilian football was stronger than european football and he dominated it.
He's a different profile of player. Ziyech is more of a playmaker whereas Pulisic is a more direct inverted winger. That directness is what Chelsea have lacked. The only player who provides it is Callum and at times Mason
Here Im seeing Owen showing how to hit the ball which mane missed and nothing at all about Chelsea.
That is bullshit, even if his arm is out the way, it's going to hit his body.
Kinda unpopular opinion: I dont think Mendy is a great goalkeeper. Ive watched him a couple of times and he always looks nervous or like hes about to make a mistake. I think Chelsea should look to Donnarumma on a free or even Gulcsi for 10-15 mil. Have Mendy as a sub and get rid of Kepa
i honestly didn't watch that final, but I know the op said all the ucl should be cancelled for cheating because he assumed it was all the ucl Real Madrid won.
Don't read any suggestions here either as to how to fix this rule. Imo it'll either be clear and some ridiculous ones like this one get caught by it. Or we go back to arbitrary and then we're likely discussing weird calls just as much.
Well yeah, thatd be a different stat though. It also wouldnt serve the same purpose, though. You could compare an individual player to the same player in future or past years, but it wouldnt be expansive.And to that point, I almost guarantee there are people out there currently trying to make that happen.
I thought the law has been changed this season?
Theyd be mad to sack him. Missing the best defender in the league and half your players being out for bits of the season. No other manager is doing better with what hes got.Long may this continue though
Since around December.
Fabinho's having the Harry Maguire performance where he'll even get away with fucking murder.
It's not very common but it does exist. Iceland were managed by 2 guys during their Euro campaign.
I'm worried about this. We haven't been scoring under Tuchel.I'm feeling Liverpool 2-1...
Mate, the reason I gave you an example is to show that random twitter and YouTube opinions dont mean shit. I asked you for an example of delusional Arsenal fans, and you gave me an example. I then gave you an example of United fans being similarly stupid to show that anyone can dig up shitty online opinions of any fanbase.
pretty shit imo.
Because we won't score another one. Stop being so pessimistic
It's a dice roll
Don't know what has happened, but Chelsea has been getting away with some handballs since Tuchel took charge
Idk, that's all they say all the time
https://www.bvbonlineshop.com/en/detail/index/sArticle/2566/sCategory/24
Just repackaged the same idea, haha
Sports Bild via Sport Witness is about as reliable as The Sun. This is why we need a filter for unreliable sources, too much misinformation gets spread on here. Its exactly what tabloids want too, their click bait works and we help them to spread it.(For the record theyre *probably* right about this one but they dont know anything for sure and are just guessing)
If there was a full Anfield a lot of the problems we've had would not arise
Were seriously not getting champions league football and any Liverpool fan who thinks we have a chance are deluded. Were pathetic
Utterly deserved for that farce of an offside
He's pointing out that you can tell apart what's good and what's bad from a distance too.
1. Kroos' boyhood club isn't Bayern. He spent 1 year in the academy 2. If you're not appreciated at your club, you leave, especially for a legend in the making that would start for every team in the world.
I am watching the game - zil's problem is that Fener are actually better without him. Still not great, but better since he has been substituted.Just saw that Podolski is playing in the match as well, did not know that, he has really disappeared from media coverage in Germany. Good for him, though, that he still has fun playing the game.Edit: And holy shit. The chance Poldi just missed in the 98. Minute to win the game. 100% has to be a goal.
Weird, i feel like its another boring big game 0-0. But atleast it came at the perfect time to sleep.
You've done well at talking out of your arse there mate
McDona
Last two days have been decent enough. I didn't know about this all lol
If you speak, youre in big trouble
Must take into account that lord Lucas exists on a higher plane than the rest of us
Weird that crazy right wing nut Pulisic also liked these posts7
You do realize antifa isnt an actual organization its a hodgepodge of different groups with anti racist anti fascist sentiment is a little different than a state sponsored political party
Not sure, probably some contract dispute or Hugh wanting to start his own streak
Same lol.
That's what I was saying in the 3-3 v Everton. Last couple of minutes he received the ball and just sprinted into the opposition players like three times. Sometimes it's like he doesn't even try to weave. And his reluctance to pass when he has received the ball is insane. He's like the one player of ours that became overrated by rivals and not us. I love the guy, probably world class in technical ability but his game sense is just nowhere near there.
I assume VAR on offsides is to completely take out any room for interpretation and hunan error, and pretty much just Ask a computer a yes/no question with no regard to margin.
Make a run Ziyech
Tammy being our top scorer with absurdly low 6 goals is more a comment about how shit the entire team has been and not that Tammy has been good.
Good call, ridiculous decision by Lemina to not chop his arms off before the game.
Anyone who replies on twitter cares. The best thing he couldve done is not replied
>Obviously most people that support a club from a country foreign to their country of residence will be plastic because it's just about impossible to create and maintain that organic love for a club.Right so you admit that it has something to do with where you're from. Why pretend like it isn't the case in your original comment?
As much as I despise VAR and wish it would just fuck off, this is a very good implementation of it.
Mo is the only one playing tonight from our side
man please pass the weed
TBF it is possible just extremely unlikely
his arms were fucking horizontal. That wasn't even marginal
You're on a list
I see, look forward to seeing tonights game, it would be a statement if Chelsea had an impressive performance tonight.
Good sub actually. Liverpool are pressing high up. Use Werner and Pulisic pace on the counter.
AHAHAHAHAH Yet that "real" handball from CHO vs MU wasn't given... End VAR and just simply get better referees Premier League
PSG looking for Ben Mendy, i would drop him to airport. If we can somehow get 20m i would be so happy
I dont see why he would lie about that but I dont personally know him so ehhhhh
Yeah, but you could refine it more: if there was a way to quantify finishing ability and then sort of plug in "x player takes shot from here" and find out what the xG for that specific player in that situation is like. It's nigh impossible in practice, of course.
I guess u didnt watch the southampton game lol
Just seen that Al Ahly have suspended Kahraba for a month and fined him because he missed training. Hilarious how unprofessional us Egyptians can be lmao
Werner looks like an Oblivion NPC lmao
I honestly dont know because the data is not available. On one hand, we have a big money move in Havertz who would generate a lot of shirt sales. On the other hand, we have kovacic who was chelsea player of the season last year.
His cheapest signings were around 30m. Not that difficult to build a cohesive squad with that kind of money
Absolute fucking shocker they dont give the cunts a pen
He's German, it means exactly literally what it says
How dare he possess limbs
KDB and Zinchenko
I wouldnt stop supporting them (I definitely wouldnt support anyone else), but Id probably become more disinterested in football
Rose is an absolute babe
This isn't a blip. This is reality.
a brave new world?
Werners touch is bad
#Salah Games played 25Goals 17 assists 3Big chances created 748 percent successful dribbles Big chances missed 11Penalties 6all 6 scoredPenalties won 2
Friendship ended with Liverpool now City is my best friend
Take of Mane and Firmino put Ox on the right Jota on the left and Salah in the middle.
The Dutch get way too defensive when their players don't make it in the big leagues.
can ya'll stop winning at anfield, makes us feel less special
Where the fuck is his arm supposed to go
atrocious decision... wtf are they thinking
> Most peopleThanks for keeping me in mind.
Inject that celebration
people are idiots
Based off the GAA being backwards see you next tuesdays.Were taking about the same organisation that issued an 8 week ban to a club that hosted a charity soccer tournament.
Wow. That is never offside...
liverpool v city was fun tbh
Thats not even what I was talking about, glad he didnt go down or else as you say everything becomes a foul. I mean everyone hugging Salah all game long while refs say nothing. Happens every single match and then when he dives cause hes tired of not getting calls he looks like an idiot but its out of pure desperation
VAR ruined football. That's all
You are telling that to a guy with a Barcelona flair.... Hilarious
Have my upvote, and good luck for the Final! Hope you guys will win.
We have a small but utterly fucking pathetic group of shit heads who apparently call themselves fans.I've just come from out sub after seeing what the score was to find people actually saying Klopp should be sacked, that half of our squad should be sold.what a fucking bunch of fucking complete cunts.I swear to god our sub should be fucking nuked
Every game at the Marine Travel Arena
Getafe vs AjaxAtletico vs Liverpool at Anfield Atletico vs Bayern 2nd leg CL semi finals
Wouldnt that make you have more sympathy tho?
Most people don't work in environments with anywhere near the pressure that Premier League footballers work in.
> foreigners Steady
In the current meta - do football players with arms have a disadvantage?
Games against Kln (Sunday) and Bielefeld (Wednesday) will define our season. 6 points, maybe even 4 and we're all but safe. 1 or 0 and we're in the thick of the relegation fight
Google trends in USA
> CoweredLmao.
Their drinks taste bad
Because hes their only reliable goalscorer
I think because he felt bad about Timos disallowed goal and knew he wasnt the happiest
Jan Koller maybe
If you want some goals to stand and some not there is always gonna be a grey area.
You think we were better under Lampard?
Seems we have a lot in common, let's grab a beer after work?
Absolutely shite decision to rule that off
Dani Alves has the most trophies ever I believe, but only three CLs and no World Cup.
Now its time to just be a bit more selective Chelsea, dont undo all your good work with a moment of madness
I once accidentally pressed on Non-Pl-DD and was amazed by how much comments there were (not many)
>Who do you think sells more shirts Havertz or Kovacic?Probably about equally low while everyone is buying Werner and Mount shirts
Is klopp taking the piss by taking off salah and Jones instead of mane and firmino who these days are helping the opposition more than us
They look like the momentum is running out they aren't playing as well as they were earlier in the season.
Leipzig will absolutely kick themselves if they go out to this LFC side.
Not sure if you're new to football but players, particularly non defenders, who don't take a penalty in a penalty shoot out typically do so when they're too scared to take the responsibility. So Neuer of all people had to step up and take one because others indeed cowered out of it.
Having players who legit have grown up with the club and get into the first team always makes me like them a lot more than most players. The academy guys for chelsea all grew up in chelsea and they clearly love the club
Wow, this is absolute bogus. Whats he meant to do?
Along with a milk steak, boiled over hard and a side of your finest jelly beans, raw.
Arguably earlier surely? Shouldn't we count the shift from champions to "4. Arsenal" as a decline too?
It's Tyler he's been doing it for months
Twitter is a weird place,especially football one whenever i read the comments im surprised
Doesn't matter where it is. Rule is you can't directly score from a handball so it was the correct decision by rule.
i never compared them you troll, just fuck off already
Its never a good time to play Benfica when youre Fener...
The announcers assume Liverpool will fall out of champions league football into Europa league. Liverpool doesnt look like theyre going to hold on to even a Europa league spot at this pace.
Shit,looks like Phillips might be injured.
Doom and gloom
The Arp way.
Haha, it's like Foden and City. I don't think he'll leave City now that he's finally making his way to the first team. Both are great players.
you can also just wait until your academy contract runs out, join your local pharmaceutical corporation to become pro and celebrate like that after scoring against the club from the city you were born in and have played your whole life for
Those years of training were already paid by the player. He signed a contract with his club for a specific amount of time and he was available for that time. If his club wants to extend that period, it has to make sense for everyone, so try signing him to a longer deal earlier, give him a raise, a cut of his next sale, whatever
What a sport football is man.
Cherrypicked bullshit. Stats nonce.
No lol. I last watched them against Atletico
English people being criticised for using English slang that has existed for decades by foreign English speakers is pretty funny. Imagine trying to tell a French lad that the words they use are stupid
I don't know shit anymore tbh
Didnt Neuer and Mueller basically say the same that were was no racism towards Ozil in the national team?
> Unless you're absolutely coked up with the PEDs of course...Mhh, like who?
They just won like 6 fucking trophies last year I doubt they give a shit about 2012
Amazing ball by Ziyech, such a shame it has to be Werner at the end of it
Criminal that he's still without a job.
Wenger is a Pulisexual, I hold my head
It's alright
One of Ajax's top hooligans got assassinated today, the illegal drug trade in Amsterdam is mad these days.
He's a luxury piece. When he has great defenders around him, he can play to his best and his playmaking is incredible. He isn't nearly good enough at defending to hold his own when the players around him are also shaky.
Liverpool being given every opportunity to stumble into the Europa League.
Chelsea is handling the press very well. Good counter pressing from Werner and mount there
Theres the mandatory Chilwell snot rocket shot.
I agree it's a shit "joke" and this type of shit posting is one of the problems I have with this sub, but I don't think it's right to point out where a user belongs to. I mean we're on a global platform, it's not like this sub is for the UK only.
Youre 4 points off 7th, lad. Calm.
I'd imagine he's just using Google translate .There's a guy on twitter called @ArsenalNexus who claimed to speak like 8 languages so he could communicate with all these foreign ITKs and when native speakers called him out for obviously just using Google translate he absolutely refused to admit that he was using Google. The guy is in his 30s as well...
That's a Real Madrid headshake if I've ever seen one.
I agree with you which is why Id have like to given him time, but when people mention about Tuchel improvement their doing so when comparing Lampard last few months, not his whole time at the club.
I thought it was at Chelsea and he was ignoring the fact he lost one to them at Bayern
pathetic
> He has faced the greatest footballers in matches yet he never lost his nervewww.goal.com/en/amp/news/drunk-kroos-emergency-doctor-after-losing-to-chelsea/1atq8qdf4woe21um92ojf7t072
Tbf the points total you have this year would have you around 4th to 6th over the last few seasons.
This match can go on for days and Liverpool still wouldnt score the way they are playing
That... Doesn't add up
What's crazy is if he had wildly waved his arms around it would've been fine, but putting his arm in the natural position has cost them.Common sense has no place in our league
Jones is the British Lonzo Ball
Open statement to southerners, how dare you question northerners for their accents when you literally say was instead of were, you gramatically incorrect troglodytes. 'we was going to the pub' embarrassing
Wish he left Mason on and took off Jorgi. I know he helps us break the press but Mount's defense work is so good.
Kroos wasn't even disrespectful in my opinion. He just said he likes to remain cool and doesn't let the opponent's stature intimidate him.
He's in a different position
Just don't have arms dummy..
Your comment and flair reminded me of this goal
Feel for Scott Parker and Fulham
If you take Wjinaldum out of this team and replace him with your average marathon runner, what do you lose? A marathon runner can easily do his running numbers and I reckon he could do the endless backpasses that Wjinaldum specialises in.
If theres 1 positive to take
The rules for handball are different for attackers and defenders. Other way around doesnt matter. Still a shitty rule, but the call was correct.
Can't watch the game atm, do Fulham look threatening or should it be a rudimentary win for Spurs at this point in the game?
Overall though Rashford has many more appearances and I may be wrong but has been in the first team picture a good while longer. Not that I'm saying TAA isn't key/senior player for Liverpool, more so that there's a few players I'd rank above him in that regards. Where is there's not many I'd place above Rashford. Or that's what it appears to be anyway, could be wrong.
because we havent come back for a long time
Just making bad decisions after bad decisions since he got covid.
Cheers
Second***
Werner and Havertz barely gets criticised. Ziyech shouldve stayed with Ajax. The same applies to Donny. Ten Hag is building a good team and they wouldve been better off there.
wtf is var, this iw called handball but the cho handball call was not the other week in che vs mu???
Chelsea look quality
Liverpool fans suddenly love VAR lines
Fucking hell wtf
This is such a bad rule. He isn't gaining an unfair advantage by using his arm. It just so happened to be there and not even making his body bigger while Sanchez but in a horror clearance.
Liverpools front three look like youtubers at a charity match, absolutely no chemistry
Hahaha that's hilarious. Do you happen to have a link?
Camon Werner
Because they(Liverpool) wanted clowns fkr their title party
But he himself created that circus around him in the first place.
Chaotic neutral
even if you pretend he does play like a constant threat though there's nothing threatening about missing over and over again
It was because of his wages and nothing else.
Actually feel sorry for Werner. It's just embarassing now. A bit like Kepa, but at the other end of the pitch.
A new manager would come in with a different playstyle and have different player preferences, its happened the last few years with us where the players that the previous manager bought in were no longer required/ didn't fit and so new players were needed. That takes a couple of transfer windows. We've had injuries too, so I'm not buying that excuse.
Some refs really make VAR look bad.
> And Burak is so good. Hopefully he's available against Monaco, as he's been injured and we've been missing himI never thought Id see these words together... He was always a top striker in Sper Lig but he was literally a meme.Theres a really popular video in Turkey about him where he basically says hes a fan of the team, every time he joins a new teamIm glad Lille has so many good Turkish players tho. We call you guys Lille Trkgc here lol
"nothing special" is obviously going too far, but he does has serious issues of not playing well for long periods of time both in games and as a whole, and yeah at times he will not play well for 90 minutes but come up with a goal. How you rate that is up to you, but it's not outrageous for some people to focus on the 90 minutes of poor play rather than the goal. Ultimately I was just pointing out that he hasn't only played as a left winger in his United career, and that his spike in goals last season was a direct relation to him taking penalties.
I'm excited to see his upcoming audi commercial
Just read that Liverpool have to play n Hungary again and city can play at hone because of the areas in Germany where you can travel .
>  Where it is clear that the player does not have the ability to reactBut this sub is tell me distance doesn't come into it!
Yes. Spent 8 years there and won 3 titles, 4 Cups, a League Cup, Cup Winners Cup, UEFA Super Cup. Best Aberdeen manager ever and probably brought them their most successful period, one of the best Scottish managers ever too
I swear I just heard someone fart on the Sky coverage
If we get a top tier striker like Haaland or someone close to that? No. If we stick with him over the summer? Yes.
Not confined to Twitter unfortunately. Our post on r/borussiadortmund is in a dire state
Ok that is fucking hilarious.
I don't think I've seen anything to suggest that there has ever been a more gifted player. I like Ronaldo's career better, apart from a period in the 00's that doesnt exist, I think his contributions to Real's CL runs are more impressive.
I have to disagree. xG can for sure be useful, but there's a number of things it doesn't take into account. If numbers alone could explain football, betting companies would be out of business already.
God rewatching the goal really shows how past it Martin Tyler is. Made a brilliant individual effort and fantastic goal sound like Tiger Woods sinking a 5 yard putt
I enjoyed watching Klopp teams way more than Mourinho teams, so he'd be my pick. edit: Ah, no. That's a load of crap.Can't stand either of them, though.
If you want something done, convince 4chan that it's a funny thing to do. Better off if someone infiltrated /pol/ and preyed on their hatred of Arabs or something.
Football is about respect. Bona Nit
"First CL final" is a dead giveaway
As a matter of fact Koeman is the one who didn't get transfers, he had one fucking player in Dest who is performing very well. Let's not compare with Zidane? Who had 160 M Hazard + 90 M fake Neymars. Your midfield is kroos-casemiro-modric, and yet you say our midfield is better. So should I take that as Frenkie and Pedri>Modric and Kroos and Busi>Casemiro? Cos your fans will definitely not accept that.. You had a 60 million striker and one of the best midfielders in La Liga. You have 55 million Mendy. Don't fucking pretend like Zidane is some poor persecuted manager with no transfers.
Members of the PFA who play in the PL vote for the PFA POTY. The Football Writers Award is voted for by journalists who are members of the Football Writers AssociationNot sure how the Premier Leagues own POTY (given by the league) is decided - maybe by some sort of board. PFA Award is valued highest as its voted for by your peers
Or a hot afternoon in Frisco
https://reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204579509-How-do-I-deactivate-my-account-#:~:text=Go%20to%20your%20reddit%20preferences,in%20order%20deactivate%20your%20account.
Pique has won the premier league and champions league with united too, always gets left out of this convo.
I think I'd rather have a team of players that work in all phases like KDB & Modric rather than Messi & Ronaldo.Being able to press as a unit, defend as a unit outweighs the extra goals.Assuming you'd still have players that offer an creative spark and are hard working like my two midfield examples. Personally I think the cost of them outweighs their gain.
if thats not a natural position what was Hudsoin-Odoi's arm
Its the hope that will kill us.
3CBs cover more ground the 2 CBs. In a 3 CB system you can get away with having one really good CB and being aggressive. In a 2 man system they have to be much more complimentary.So on paper 3 at the back is the textbook solution to not having a strong partnership.Playing 3 in the back isn't necessarily about having the best defensive record. It's just to help deny space and give your defense more confidence.Tuchel is playing 3 at the back to open up more passing lanes, and it allows him to play with 2 n10s at the front.
Oi fella got a loisense for all this comment malarkey?
Liverpool done an Andy Murray, gave everything to get the win last season, suffering with after effects.
That's it I'm done. Fans around the world need to do something enough is enough
Lmao what
Fairs, but it's still not a good look especially as Maguire's leadership skills are under scrutiny.
**Mirrors / Alternate Angles**Note: If the link from streamablemirrors is down, reply to the post with "!new" to generate a new mirror.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit/message/compose/?to= if you have any questions or concerns.*
Burak Ylmaz enters Lille facilities
God, we are fucking dire.
Squad needs big surgery but Konat is insane, we could have a clear run at him if other clubs are worried about his injuries. Its a gamble but one we need to take.
Snitch is no less slang than grass is.
Natural silhouette and all that
Beautiful goal
Some guy was promising me the other day that James Rodriguez played for Juventus and he said it so much that I am starting to think he somehow did.
He should have scored
His fault he brought off our best attacker and best midfielder and put our worst midfielder on.
He is just paraphrasing his own comment every now and then.
THIS is the worst handball call this entire season. Might even be the worst in history considering they actually had VAR to use for review AND they overturned it ffs.
salah is better than everyone here bar **maybe** kane and its really close
You can't see the points but you can see that little cross which indicates a controversial and downvoted comment
youre a weirdo
Werner and Ziyech will probably become fine players who end up getting the piss taken from them because neither will live up to their price tags. Both would be fine rotational options at most clubs.Havertz, on the other hand, will be a star. Whether with Chelsea or another club, his physical abilities and potential are incredible.
Game has, unironically, gone.Fuck off
That was a terrible one too. No denying that you've been fucked by VAR too. It doesn't favor one team, it's a chaotic nonsensical force that fucks who it pleases.
Hes right though. With all the attacking talent they got its a shame to waste it on Mr. 5 at the back with dier and Henderson as CDMs infront
Pep also wanted to keep him. I'd have loved to see what Bayern midfield would've looked like with both Thiago and Kroos. Oh well.
Yeah and I dont think its good for the game
Giroud ofc
Whered Werner learn to do that????
Ok omniscient being. What is next weeks lottery numbers too?
It's along the lines of : "you're still a kid, you haven't done anything in this game yet, have some respect".
What an absolute fucking trash decision. This is getting so old.
Its not horrible tbh, like weve not played so badly this year just individual errors and being a little unlucky which compound themselves into a lack of confidence
this is fucking bullshit"had to be disallowed" oh fuck off
You lot are pushing us for being the most reactionary
Neither is especially slow, and Werner is especially fast. And seems to be working, he hasn't scored
You have absolutely no idea what tucked in means
Not really a gift, correct goal and a correct PK. Just PL refs.
Yes, soulless clubs themselves are worse. Overseas fans are not that far off either considering how negative they impact the balance of football and in a sense make historic clubs such as Roma for an example a bit more corporate feeling because they pander more or less like every other top club to a more foreign market.
how's him missing so many chances unlucky?he gets criticism at times but every thread about him always comes down 'aw he missed another big chance but he's trying really hard and getting in good positions, poor timo'
He played them because he cannot win against even poor teams without them. He doesnt care about the players. All he wants is to play then players who win him matches and play them to the ground.&#x200B;your squad has more than enough quality to beat most teams but ole is kinda holding you back.&#x200B;in meaningless cup ties, a good manager will definitely rest their best player.
I cant understand why Liverpool fans want Wijnaldum to stay. Provides nothing outside of recycling the ball.
Proven in serie A but the prem is another beast entirely. Would be a risk imo
If the police just followed hairdressers around during lockdown then they would find more people to fine.
Just ridiculous, what's he supposed to do there chop off his arms
The comeback against Sevilla *could* spark belief into Barca before the PSG match.. imagine that.
Theyre both absolutely dreadful but for completely the opposite reason.
Klopp has played against both Farke and Wagner
>Walmart WillianHaha that's class. Best one I've seen, ahead of MAGAdona and Aryan Robben.
Can we just have the brexit midfield back please
Yo Kabak with the long ball tho 
Rudiger seems to be getting the praise but Christensen has been our best defender today, comfortably in my opinion.
Ya very appropriate response considering Kroos got pulled into this by being misquoted.
This got a belly laugh out of me
Is it? Its not how it reads. You said its normal to get angry anywhere. Thats definitely not true. Playing a competitive football match its very normal to have people angry and swearing, not so much in Tesco or having a kick about with your friends in the park
Mount was called a teacher's pet at the start of the season by some Chelsea fans because he wasn't a shiny new toy.
Oh shut the fuck up
still laughing at "anqueefa"
Its all of the players in the league isnt it?
But would never want liverpool to score
Those are all real words!
que raro un hincha de boca diciendo que messi es mejor que maradona
I'm not defending the kane handball but the rules are different for attackers and defenders
I like the idea but the difference it would make is so minor that its basically non existent
I blame VAR still. This would never have been called before. VAR created a sense that there is an absolute right and wrong call, an idea that didnt exist without it.
was he in the squad in the 2012 final?
This dude slept horribly. He had to have been looking over his shoulders for Kante and Jorgi all night. Hes an excellent player but man he was cancelled out last night
Not even gonna bother with a response to that
That's a penalty lolEdit: I'm just gonna assume any hand involvement in the box is a penalty these days
Oh yes, this is so sweet. The lad from Portsmouth making the scousers cry, haha. Love it. G'wan Mason mate!
Two, actually. (e: both against Betis)He has played almost everything, but when he didn't, did you also take note of the opposition and realize why he may not have played? Except after the red and when he had a knock, where we drew 1-1 with la real to win on pens. Also remember drawing at home vs Eibar without him.
New here? Bunch of 12-15 year old kids. Its hilarious reading some of these comments, I just have a good laugh.
Mate he lashed it at him from about a half a yard away
It does have to be, and it was. The shoulder stops there according to the rules
The point of xg is that those low percentage chances add up because eventually you'd expect one to go in. If a player takes 100 shots with a 1% chance of scoring, you'd expect him to score 1.
It occured to me that there's probably plenty of people who got into football within the last year and have never watched a season with fans in the stands. Kind of wild lol.
Mount defends better than TAA lol
MAAAAAAASE
Also WC Fucking Kross man
I mean, I think it could be taken either way. I've texted shit that people take the wrong way because context is hard to get through via short text alone
Mbappe was top 3 in the top 5 leagues last year I think.
First shot on target?
How dare does he have an arm
MOUNT IS FUCKING INSANE STOP DOWNVOTING ME FOR SAYING HE MIGHT BE THE BEST MIDFIELDER IN THE WORLD
Neck too long
I've seen the offside call like 10 times now and it's no fucking offside by a big margin, what a goddamn disgrace
it's alright we're used to working for our points
Youll have to ask the mods there
Its true that Chelsea need consistent performers but he should still be given a chance, hes young and has been struggling with injuries too.
Reasonable bait mate but you ruined it
Its the opposite actually
That guy really used outliers to support a general statement, tells you everything you need to know about debating on the internet.
an arm should not put you offside. Wtf.
Chelsea fans that think theyre getting Donnarumma FREE have another thing coming. Haaland isnt coming either. The former is leveraging for more money, and the latter is going to cost 200M
>Between the 2 players I mentioned, there doesn't seem to be any I like
"Success"
You forgot about thiago
Terry Butcher
It sucks but this is how they measure offside and by this rule, test its offside. It needs to be changed though
Why is he taking Salah off ffs
Chelsea look awfully comfortable on the ball
Audi Cup*** commercial
Cant we just even TRY a different formation? I really just dont understand
those 2 millimeters really made the difference.
Worst run in their entire history.No wins in last 7 home games.They kinda deserve for the cockiness the showed after winning 2-1 vs Tottenham. We missed sitters that game and Liverpool scored late from firmino push on dier.And after that they haven't won a game
did you watch a game with him?
society's gone
We just won once we was subbed in
Yeah really bad especially finishing wise. He was great at holding the ball in first half of the season mow even that seems off.
Ignoring him being a defensive liability sometimes, everything a central midfielder does
I hate feeling sorry for the Scousers but I remember us on our run before Christmas where our performances were even worse than theirs. This form feels like it goes on forever and really puts you off watching football and I know how they feel
6 goals and 11 assists for Sancho this season
Yes, I'm only talking about Cristiano's case here. If any player had Ronaldo's circumstances, he would retire at the age of thirty. The fans of his club were whistling and insulting him in every week if he missed a chance, despite all the extraordinary performance he was giving, the FIFA president publicly humiliated you and favors your opponent over you. And seeing your rival beat you for four years in a row is not an easy matter.
I think it's a genuine "good luck" but it's somewhat a way to remember who is he talking with. Which is class.
Already 2 years since this
Germans being racist? Shocking
I think they've been alright, pressing has been really good at times. Liverpool have really struggled to win the second balls which is something they're usually really strong at
they were like 15th lol, moving 5 places up and progressing to europa last 16 isnt bad tbh. and they are 3rd in the form table since the start of the year
possibly the worst VAR call ive seen
you overwhelm via positional superiority or individual superiority.PSG has so much quality on the pitch that the answer is honestly put Di Maria and Neymar into better situations. Without being too specific, you have to avoid Kante + Those 3 defensive mids. So attacking the space where Kante isnt, and then maybe pulling out one of the 3 defenders. Blind side runs on the outside of the 3CBs - maybe attacking chilwell.Pace versus Azi probably has its place as well.
Ole's Man United is one of the weirdest teams I've seen. When he come in, the crazy run that he had, then the massive drop off after. Then the run post pandemic last season, even until early this season smashing Leipzig and PSG, then to lose such form to drop out of CL and the current form.
what a rule
If those are disrespectful, then this quote is disrespectful.
My local commentator just called wijnaldum, Jorginho Ronaldo.
What the actual fuck is this now? Beyond a joke now....
At least Martinez didn't keep 2 clean sheets
shit refs will kill the prem around the world
Rent freeeee
Fellas,,, is it gay to check the time?
My point is, every league is amazing, even if there's a winner or a dominant team, yet EPL fan boys label them as shit
Fifa 2002 I actually didnt like at all, 2001 was class though. Fuck me did I spent hundreds of hours on that game
No.Mourinho sets us up to win in these games When we play at home at least. Ole is Playing for a draw irrespective of where you play. We didnt lose our Liverpool home game trying to get a draw. We lost because we tried to win.And Ole is content with a draw above all. Mourinho is never content with a draw.
Give that offside fucking Taylor
fucking finally, hes back
Not for attackers. Defenders get the benefit of natural position.
> This whole season has been massively inconsistentI can't think of a single instance where this rule has been applied inconsistently for attacking handballs because the rule is so clear, any handball even accidental means the goal is disallowed. You can think it's a stupid rule and I do but the rule for attacking handballs is crystal clear and a ref can't just ignore it because he feels like it. Defensive handballs are a different story because they aren't supposed to be given if it's accidental which is why it's less consistent there because it's up to the ref to decide what's accidental and what isn't.
Well yeah they are. 2/3 seasons out of the past, what, 30?
Yep, a United with no expectations is a pretty dangerous one tbh
>liverpool fan
Think this is a bit overboard and disrespectful to him. There have been loads of signings worse than him. He's contributed well, when he's had stretches of games but the poor guy tears like toilet paper and can never find his form for the past couple of years.
What accusations?
i am a barca fan,I couldnt care less about Kroos
Hmmm is Mount tired? He's jogging a lot more than he usually does
They increase shitposting speed by having the kid and the adult use the same keyboard at the same time
Only because of a decade of mediocrity from the Milan clubss. Noone in their right mind would say this when they were competing for everything.
He takes decent throw ins I think
I'm a bit lost on your point. I'd disagree that it's normal to tell people to "fuck off" anywhere though. That's a bit weird. You really shouldn't be losing your temper like that everywhere, probably not a great sign for you
I agree. Your starting 11 is good enough to compete with us or Leicester but your squad outside of it is bottom-half level.
Not to mention he wasn't even captain at his previous clubs.
How in hell is that a handball?
delete your comments lads
Didn't he provide the assist for Bayern's goal?
He is, can't even stay onside.
The fact that they didnt even send the ref to review it himself tells you everything you need to know. There is no way he could call this without looking like a complete cheat infront of millions. This isnt incompetence its blatant corruption.
At first I was offended, but now I love Toni Kroos
absolutely, by kimmich
Your only loss to a big 6 club in the league also came with Pogba on the pitch, with him being directly at fault for it. Little simplistic to look at it that way, no?I see the point you're making, but I think it might be better made if you simply just point out what you're missing with him out.
Is there any rule saying there can only be one coach? Can a team appoint co-coaches rather than making the 2nd one an assistant coach?Ex: say terzic and Rose both become Dortmund coaches next season with same authority
Thats probably because they are children.
One at the start was daft, Fabinho lunged to cut out a ball and just coming back from injury it was a risk. Pointless risks of injury when they don't call the obvious ones immediately.
That wasnt but the Fulham one was? Lmfao
Bullshit lol Liverpool got lucky
Robertson I reckon. No real reason why
I feel like I've argued with you before when you defiantly defended the dude about how he wasn't backed in the summer and can't do any better than he is. Or was that someone else?
do explain?
Interesting, surprised theres no USL side out that way, but then again I guess travel costs would be pretty high.
thats a tinpot site im afraid.im also worried for the german folk. it seems that der klassiker is slowly becoming a legitimate term. just think of all the young people, its so sad.
Is this a good solution?
Wait no penalty? im honestly confused right now
I agree with the result. All that matters
Just ripped into Liverpool the last 2 and a bit months for their performances.Hate the club due to them publically supporting a racist Suarez but many deem this as not a good enough reason to dislike a club apparently.
Werner and Liverpool recreating the high line memes from last summer lmao
Timo have my children
Good question, I guess this never struck my idiot child self, much like how the concept of a cloth store didn't.
Klopp is going to get himself sacked doing this kind of nonsense
Whalley
Wow, that's insane.
what the fuck, Man
Probably afraid of being pressed in possession
Happy he scored, but it feels like that's literally all Werner can do, which is pretty useless for 90% of our matches.
I beat *you* to it 
He found the molecule of serotonin
I miss it a bit. Was absolutely chaotic & just had more games to go too. Not that I fancy returning like.
I hate them for completely different reasons
its not. i think its rather the distaste for oil clubs. you dont see many juve fans here, with barca/real fans having enough to talk about domestically (which bayern doesnt really), so its logical to see them hating on these crazy transfer stories. psg fans cant shittalk this stuff because they themselves are buying ridiculously.
Hes the teams official leader in the dressing room and on the pitch. Hes literally chosen by the manager as the team leader.Its not just for show. This is football at the highest level.
Alisson is such a bad ball player. As a shot stopper, he's ok-ish, nothing to write home about, nowhere near the likes of Oblak, Neuer, Leno, Martinez. But I have no idea how on earth people were comparing him to Ederson. He's never even been half as good as Ederson, even when he was on a good run, high on confidence. Usual rubbish hype.
I thought we were dogshit lately but Liverpool is closing in on 5 home losses in a row. Yikes
Shocker; shit refs will continue to be shit with video assistanceIt's worse now because the decisions continue to happen
In a dash, Mbappe. In a longer run, it's even
Those kits are great, would be almost perfect without the sponsor
STOP SHITTING ON MY N***** WERNER!!
Im genuinely starting to think that Martin Tyler is worse than Ray Hudson
It's Allegri. Literally anyone else you go for would be more risky. He's as pragmatic and proven as it gets.
Mate it took me literally 5 seconds to google that grass expression and understand it, why you're this bothered is beyond me, besides you learn British slang
On TV? Spain vs Portugal at the last world cup in a bar surrounded by Spaniards and Portuguese. as a neutral who didn't care who won it was a brilliant experience.at the stadium, Bath City 3-2 Dulwich Hamlet at Twerton Park, phenomenal game, no idea how Dulwich didn't win 6-3. They had so many good chances, despite being fighting relagation and Bath making a promotion push. Bath only had like 4 chances all game. and it was a hat-trick from the Bath striker.
He said that Ozil was talking "nonsense" and that there was no racism in the DFB
Nah, should be someone who doesn't know anything about football. Just ask them what they think would be an appropriate judgment, and then do it.
Commenting so I can find this thread lol
thats 100% a pen what
feels like this is gonna become the new tactic. Just kick it into the oppositions arms to either deny a goal or earn yourself a pen. PL refs elevating shambolic once again to new heights.
Monkeys paw in action. I was happy about signing Doherty and look how thats gone
If PL fans don't care, then why do they keep downvoting it?
This reads like a bot
THEY LITERALLY DREW THE LINE THROUGH THE BOTTOM OF HIS BICEP!! FIX YOUR SHIT SYSTEM MY GOD
Totten (in a different spelling) is dead (verb) in german so you can call tottenham dead ham. Cheers
Yes, that's how football works. Footballers don't retire/stop trying after they win a trophy my friend.
I saw the word xG so it's definitely false
At least now we know Kai is alive
The winner gets Top 4.
It's adrenaline and a bit of cheek/banter, people just want a headline from nothing
Go to sleep bby
The first if I had to choose
We won, but they were a recently promoted fourth tier tesm.
honestly disgusting decision. Players have no fucking clue either anymore and it feels so discouraging
>I mean, he's not exactly in a position to banter the club re: UCL final appearancesWouldnt.... wouldnt he though? I dont think Kroos is trying to be rude. Maybe a slight wink, if anything. But hes been to five finals, and was competing for his sixth no one has ever been to more. Surely thats enough final appearances for banter?
Can't argue with that. He's really just not clicking here.
You're going to finish higher than 7th, imo, but Ole definitely wouldn't be an improvement over whatever Mourinho manages to do.
Love how they showed us it again like it's an obvious call lol
west brom too probably
May God help us all once this Chelsea team learns how to score goals.
This league is actual comedy gold.
Not sure why Phillips doesnt get the start over Kabak.
Looks like he won his place in a raffle, shit player.
It does as thats what was used to not give that pen. Which rightfully so
Good pass from Ziyech
Why would we care about a dead thread lol?
I am back to fantasising about how England have some good players and how they could do well only to see them lose to Bulgaria on pens. Fun
that rule needs a change for next season, what is he supposed to do not have an arm. he even had his arm against his thigh.
He's not been dribbled past for months though, it must be his CB partners fault
This is some bullshit, why does few m matter in offside decision!
Mount is immense tbh. Such a well rounded attacker in the modern press game.
Some genuinely do take it to heart though, especially the young guys. That's why the toxic environment is so harmful.
We havent been a pressing team since the 17/18 season. We play possession football, and are consistently in the lower half of the table in ground covered.
That's a cool story. Jim Abbott was a professional pitcher for the New York Yankees and was born with a deformed right arm. He was actually pretty good too, managing to pitch a no-hitter which is basically the pinnacle for most pitchers in baseball.
Fuccck even tho I want Liverpool to win that's so bullshit.If you are a quarter of a centre meter beyond the line, YOU ARE NOT GAINING AN ADVANTAGE, SO YOU SHOULDN'T BE PUNISHED.It's awful. VAR shouldnt be used for offsides.
Most physical league in the world. Doesnt even feel like the most physical league in Europe right now. Somethings gotta be done about players going down so easily and calling for a penalty.
Son is Jose's Mount!!!
Actually mental that Liverpool are getting dominated like this at home. Chelsea have been excellent but Liverpool have offered nothing. Mind, I still think they will score
Not even a shot though no? He's simply congratulating Mount on reaching his first CL final.
Salah?!?!?!
Tbf we shoudve had 2 goals
Very good point.
Not sure why Mount felt so insecure about Kroos not being too fussed about pressure from football in general.  Very childish from Mount.
lol Werner
Ehh I'm still fine with it
that should look better with ziyech, he's our best playmaker.
What are some of your favorite failed predictions? For example, just read that Johan Cryuff claimed that Ritchie Humphreys  was the "next Marco Van Basten", and he ended up spending most of his career in the third division.I must say though, he scored some good  goals 
Back when I used to play Fifa, I knew about 90% of the players in top 4 leagues. Now, I barely know anything.
Imagine not being able to beat Chelsea at home
this is just ridiculous now.
it's in reference to Allison's support for Bolsonaro
>this could end up being a mid-table title defense.Our speciality!
I wonder what stupid questions Klopp is going to have to answer tonight
"Tuchel only picked Werner because of his pace" Tuchel is a fifa player confirmed
>Bayern rabid hordeHe wasn't quite a rabid user, but does anyone here remember that Rudi Reifensteicher guy from about 3-4 years ago? He was a mad one.
Who cares about Liverpool vs Chelsea when Pedrinho is starting a match vs a 2nd division team?
It's more that it's a bot filled mess filled with way too much annoying shit. There is plenty of banter here from 15 year olds if I ever miss it lol.At one point Twitter was like 15% bots and sock puppet accounts. That's how stuff like "5G Coronavirus Hoax Bill Gates Flat Earth" type stuff gains traction.Some articles here/
I wish i liked them, cause they pulled some unexpected results, but idk... I always just snooze out whenever I see them.
You know when sometimes a mum does a little shit when giving birth? Theyre that
"true" muppetiers lmfao
"Plastic" is nothing to do with where you're from.If you "decide" to support a club then you're a plastic. It's plastic vs forming a natural bond to a club.
thanks mate
Mate, who cares about what people on r/soccer think? If your local club is 250 miles away and you cant go to watch their games, then theres no real problem in supporting a big club in Europe. True plastics are people who live in places like London but then support United
Is Sir Kenny wearing oven muffs?
I think Ole's done really well with him. Personally thought he was destined to flame out and become an average PL Winger while playing under Jose
I'm just saying your anecdotes about what you say to your best friend down the local park aren't very relevant to this discussion.And as I also said, it's not the worst thing in the world, but it's also not nothing.
Seems youre just making stuff up but ok. I really hope you dont go around telling people to fuck off
2 deflected goals, its luck, not skill.
Hilarious how that post is top of r/soccer but downvoted to oblivion on r/reddevils where u cant even find it
hes coming back from injury relax lol
8/10 times var gives a pen here. Hand is over shoulder, widening shilouette and not in a natural position
Doesn't look like the frame they picked the ball was even played yet and it looks like it's lower than where they consider the sleeve but whatever!!
Really ahmed really
Alexander-Arnold has been shocking. The lad cannot defend and when hes average on the ball like he is tonight, hes utterly useless. But his defending man, dreadful
I'm not Jamie, I'm Harry.
Your reading comprehension and cognitive skills sure are a little bit... pathetic?
Hot take? When did that become a phrase?
No fucking way is that offside.
I mean, he's not exactly in a position to banter the club re: UCL final appearancesBut all in all, some cheeky banter both ways. I think Kroos handled the situation well, and maybe Mason mouthed off cos of all the adrenaline and his excitement for making it to the Final
Jimmy and the Saint. Boat drinks.
They're supposed to apply the rules as they're written, this isn't the ref's fault.
City aren't playing West Brom pal
Premier league team of the decade 352               De Gea            Walker Kompany Van DijkHazard David Silva De Bruyne Kante Salah           Aguero   Kane
Man needs 5 touches to release the ball
Thx to 4 years of black magic by some portuguese
If I was 19 on 10k/week I'd be fucking delirious and would rather stay for now in a team where I'm a guaranteed starter than going to a huge club and sitting on the bench for 2 years playing in cups
TAA free kick repeat
Nah, they need a new out and out CF, like Seferovic
So one or two idiots, and you decide to call the entire fanbase delusional? Deary me. You could find exactly the same sort of stupid comments coming from some United fans, or any big PL team.
Are you also fuming at Klopp for starting him? Do you want him to fuck off? It's Klopp's fault that Firmino is picked, not Firmino's - he can't pick himself.
Need a 5-0 win for Liverpool imo
weird that people are basing their opinions of someone based on what they've done in 2021 as opposed to 2017
Football has got a lot of problems but United being wank is not one of them
I think our best bets are both give it to each other tbh and hope the other team fuck up
You should be all over Otvio from Porto then.
Pulisic with a beard ages 10 years. Wow
British Madrid fanYikes
Its every leagues fans who are like that.
Are you fucking dumb? Then players will just keep kicking the ball at players hands in the box for a penalty.
Fuck lemina for not being an amputee, I guess
Ive been saying it since that City V Spurs CL goal was called off, these new offside rules are absolute dogshit and insanely arbitrary.
Make Another Goal Again
West Ham obviously
Agree - so many rules are fucked its getting annoying
Because Pochettino is trying his hardest to prove he can bottle a one horse race.
Fresh air shot by Mane...he's like me playing five a side.
Should've dived there really
How so?
Maidstone. They reached what's now League Two around 1989, had a few decent seasons, then went out of business. They reformed and got as far as the National League, but were relegated last season.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO! LETS GET CRAAAAZY!!! IM SO HYPED!!!!!!
Should have scored 3 and conceded 1.
I think 95%+ of Liverpool fans would disagree. They'd take 17th this season and still keep Klopp, they've been very unlucky with injuries at the back and the front three haven't clicked this season.
Mane and Salah are such shit divers. Gotta learn how Kane and Rashford do it and get an English passport while your at it
Shades of Cech
No need for the no homo part, and easily Arteta for me.
Werner is a work horse. Hope he starts getting goals man
Even when Werner scores, he doesnt score. Life in England hasnt been great for him, huh
Fucking ridiculous.
Don't tell me that word is banned now too
Before fatigue we weren't playing well either, just managed to grind 1 nil results
At this point, it would be an upset if Bara dont comeback against PSG
What's the celebration for?
The thing about him is he gets goals regularly but apart from them his contribution is very limited. If he doesn't score, we play with 10 men on field. In his last game he had like 4 5 touches before being substituted. I really really want him to succeed but under tuchel werner has improved even without goals he contributes lot.
Aye thats fair, I just dont want to see incorrect decisions given for consistencys sake.
I couldnt imagine Harry Winks telling Lloris or Kane to STFU without Kane snapping him.
Not hard these days tbf.
Every player, coach, and fan should be using this to call on the FA to change the rule. It's absurdist at this point
He started the season pretty well. Had 4 goals and 2 assists in the first 6. Not sure what happened after that.
Prides of north London and south London. And Crystal Palace
Koeman is the first coach we've had since Guardiola who's actually building a long-term project, instead of focusing on his own short-term survival as a Bara coach. It's true that he hasn't had as much of a choice in that sense as his predecessors, nor is his job as much in danger (since there's no president to fire him), but it still takes some balls to do what he's doing. Getting rid of some players who needed to leave at the beginning of the season, giving so many youngsters actual quality playtime and not letting players be undisputed starters simply because of who they are, are 3 things we hadn't seen done simultaneously in almost a decade.
Have Liverpool been space-jammed? Theyre so slow going forward
Isn't it 30k? Still could be earning a lot more but it was a 10 times increase in his previous contract.
Well I did not think this through, obviously
jota save us this from this hell
When youve got incompetent owners at the board who lack any oversight whatsoever then forget about that happening. Its only a matter of time before they sell the club as our revenues have plummeted as a result of the inability to compete for honours on the pitch.
I'm glad you stopped doing acid
That's why I *started* supporting
I fucking hate sporting.
Its not really true though is it. Im not Ole out or Ole in but its pretty clear to see the change of atmosphere weve had since Ole came in, with a rebuild you dont expect to drastically improve results until the off the pitch problems are sorted out and you get the right players in who can help make a difference
Couldve so easily given a penalty. Got lucky
Lmao Kroos clearly wasn't expecting Mount to give it back to him, this is a typical, salty, boomer-ish response. Take the L fam. Mount beat you on and off the field.
I'd wager the players probably talk about this stuff with the club's analysts.
Were playing through Liverpools press incredibly easily - they really do miss Fabinho/Henderson in midfield.
> Ederson is clearly the better keeper,the fact you say "clearly" when alisson is first choice for brazil shows you're the biased one tbh. recency bias by the looks of it.
Wouldn't be a dive
River Plate vs Boca Juniors - Copa Libertadores Final 2018 Estadio Bernabeu
Non PL DD in case anyone was searching
Nope be never said that. Check yourself and verify first before believing in twitter cancel drama.
Sagna, not particularly close either,
You'll get through this
It's business. You invest in an asset, you raise it's value and then you profit.
if this holds, everton are 3 points above liverpool with a game in hand, west ham 2 points above them with a game in hand. spurs just one point behind them with a game in hand, villa 4 points behind with 2 games in hand. this could end up being a mid-table title defense.
Cool, not at all arbitrary.
I care because my club is fan owned and I can empathise with German fans. Fuck privately owned clubs
20 bucks says that a real crowd would be booing, and singing some unsavoury chants right now and not going "We are Liverpool tralalalala..."
Yeah youd be a fun one! For liverpool it would look more like an episode of 24 hours in A&E
Not a dive when he's fouled
Danke for the memories Klopp, but it's time to go.
Glorified Burnley
I hope the goals are posted in streamja because the other links never work for me
no , maradona is the best player of all time in my opinion.
plastic
Lol :D anyone knows who he "tackled" ?
If anything it's a great VAR call
Klopp wont get sacked regardless.
Yeah true
Depending on what "high level" means, we've had 2.03m throw-in specialist Mikkel Qvist in the Danish league. I wonder how good he could have become if he'd chosen handball instead.
Sergio Ramos has a similar record plus 2 extra Euros on top.
So because of something completely unrelated? That's a bit odd. The ban had nothing to do with it being a soccer match either if that's what you're trying to suggest. There's obviously strict rules and oversight around the organising of competitions relating to fundraising, the club didn't follow those so they were fined and suspended.
Or Arsenal fans bashing both and then getting countered with "he's better than your entire club"
ter Stegen or Piqu
modern soft footballers with their instagrams, rolling on the floor at the slightest cutting off of their arms
Ziyech has had a crap game. Was poor against atleti as well.
Lets be real he want offside haha we just got lucky
Hes the best Scottish manager.
Do you want to elaborate on that post at all?
Legit close to pulling my hair out
What does your dad say though
It was when they were judging intent. They've removed intent from the rules for attackers.
When Portugal overtakes France and PSG win
Bilbao are likely to win, but it will be close.
backed out from shooting the pens iirc, heard heynckes was practically begging him to be one of the first 5 takers
Power tripping internet janitors, what's new
Maybe resting for fulham
selfie of you infront of your clubs stadium as message to the mods
Werner mate you couldve brought that down
Nice pass ziyech
Why does Alisson never give himself the chance to make a save? Always rushes out like that.
Woah that was naughty from Kovacic, should be booked
My main memory of them is just how ridiculously good Fabio Cannavaro was.
Huh? They complained openly about the call on NBC
Barella. Hes transformed our team along with Lukaku of course. Going to be one of the best midfielders in the world soon
Is Chiwell always this bad at crossing? He had two great chances but missed them completely
Youre taking the piss, but if Schalke and Hamburg dont make it back up, the fixture might very well become that.
best player?? mount is still on
It was onside though so not his fault VAR got it wrong.
Even just seeing the club's logo with the others is worth it. It's like qualifying for a world cup. Ireland are shit and would get hammered by everyone but I just want to see one of those preview magazines with a page on us with "Key Man: Darren Randolph" taking up a page
Agreed. Ironic on a football sub that all the football related subs are hysterical at points
Not many players in the PL have been world class for a majority of it. It was quite bad compared to La Liga from 2012-2018. I think Van Dijk and Salah are just the best in those positions, and Salah has enough seasons for him to be a no go for me. But I agree, there is an argument for Azpilecueta over VVD.
Jesus, who plays in the Millenium stadium?
And thats why people need to appreciate Ricardo Vaz Te
Diving probably wasnt the right word but I remember people thinking Materazzi made the most out of the headbutt.
Well most people here say the refs made an error here. So if we allow for a margin of error for VAR isnt it then ok that there was an error here? Surely this would have been an error within whatever margin.
Lighthearted comments on both sides.Fans going fucking nuts on social media and acting like a bunch of fucking dopes.Such is life.
What other reason is there for Bayern fans constantly shit posting about Chelsea then? As I mentioned before, you don't see it from any other foreign fan base, only Bayern. 2012 is the only possible reason I can think of.
Werner is tragic everytime i watch chelsea
Don't see why it should matter. Non local is non local, regardless of the success of the club. A non local Burnley fan is no different than a non local Man City fan. Bigger clubs have more visibility and therefore get more fans.
Firmino is fucking awful. I will say it again, I can not wait for him to fuck off from the club.
Who hurt you?
SO GOOD MASON
Yeah exactly. Goes right against spirit of the game.
30 seconds into the most important club football match of the season. I'll never forgive the referee, it was a crime against football.
The midfield not being able to press as effectively since theyre more worried about covering for the CBs without VVD and Gomezs pace, and of course half the midfield being the back line
Its the Saudi Arabia public investment fund. That would mean that Mohammed bin Salman would be our new owner. He's the man who ordered the assassination and mutilation of Jamal Khashoggi, a journalist for the Washington post, in the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.This is so much worse than anything any owner I know which is confirmed to have done. Abramovich as far as I know has never ordered someone killed, no American or European owner either, if they do buy is then yes, we'd be rich, but we'd have the worst owner in the world
He always is
VAR is such a load of shit, not complaining though...
what is Rudiger supposed to do there?
Oh come on, don't act like that isn't every supporter of every team with every possible refereeing decision...
Kroos cowered out of taking a pen against Chelsea in a champions League final that they lost. I'm sure he remembers, glad he slept well after it too haha
Should be someone who's a local rival. "Come on I'm for Chelsea but that never is a handball"
Might as well try to look busy - doing f*call anywhere else
It'll be turned over by VAR don't worry lol
no Rory
Just checked the Ligue 1 table and...How the fuck are Lens fifth?
With YNWA, I believe they used to play whatever song was top of the charts at Anfield before games but that one stuck. Or something like that.
With how Liverpool are performing lately, I wouldn't be so sure.
Chelsea played 5 3 2. This means that if you play 4 at against that, you're "missing" one player further up the pitch. In general, you want to have one more defender than the opposition has attackers. I think it's plausible, but of course Chelsea are more used to playing that way so they were more comfortable like you said.
That's like the first time I've ever seen Pulisic win a flick on header like that lol
which one? He played quite well in a heavily injured team the whole year.Does he have to win every year the Champions League to not have "excuses" according to your PL chimp brain?
I'm convinced they flip a coin to make these decisions
????????????
Is the champions league the superbowl for soccer?
Is this a fucking joke?
Sure. Are you talking about 5 or more like 10 fans?
Thats all this sub is. United lose/draw a game and everyone who thinks United are bad pipe up. United win a game and everyone who thinks theyre good pipe up. Its impossible to have a neutral-ish opinion because whichever group is currently being loud will shout at you
Did Carra say Liverpool have been the better side in the 2nd half? I dont see it at all
Everything? He hasn't won a single Copa Amrica
Isn't it Dani Alves?
I would happily get rid of a lot of these players.
Fuck Pulisic that scrawny little MAGA fuck
Origi would be better then Mane and Firmino at the moment
Yeah my bad. Although I wouldn't mind having Wilfred bony on... We need a good number 9.lol
You don't know what does Liverpool's point tally without most of their squad, has to do in an argument where you think it's just my opinion that the only reason Liverpool is behind you because of injuries?
If Jota doesn't fix everything, what then?
Assist stats are overrated
Of course but people tend to missquote him lately
Right, I never considered the 2018 one. My bad!
Still gotta be Christiansen due to position. Her so much better in the middle
hahaha 2030 meta
please take him i would have paid you to take him in january lol
The VAR official needs to be stood down. Not qualified to ref.
Of course they realise that. Doesn't make it any less stupid.
Its all fancy clobber now. Givenchy tops, Dsquared jeans, the whole lot.
tuchels got us playing like Chelsea again
I called Boca a massive club yesterday and triggered half the sub, got your back.
Hope you stay up. A good footballing team. All you need is a striker
Of course they can. In this instance they can put in their post match report that they didnt believe the handball itself created an immediate goal scoring opportunity and in this case that striker had to create that opportunity with a first touch that wouldnt have necessarily happened in every instance. This whole season has been massively inconsistent with little penalty to VAR refs, yet people are pretending there no wiggle room in the laws for this ridiculous decision.
he cant do it himself.have you seen the lack of movement from liverpool tonight?
LiVARpool back baby!!
Correct decision, what are people smoking here.If this was legal by the rules then people would be mad too every other week. It will never be perfect.
Oh, that's pretty bad then.
ah hello minecraft_v_17the champions league is the biggest competition in club football, while the world cup is the biggest competition overall. if the superbowl is a competition between "teams" then the champions league can be seen as the football equivalentare real madrid and liverpool still the clubs you support?
I know the daily mail is a rag but that Matt Ritchie / Steve Bruce bust up story was a very enjoyable read. Put me in a good mood.
Yeah, there is.
Mane just been shit this season.
Next up on mythbusters..
If you arm is tucked in like that hasn't it always been part of the body? Its literally against his body not making himself any bigger...
He liked a post advocating for antifa members to get shot
Rashford has been better than Sterling than some time now. Shaw is a better LB and Cancelo would be RB, rest I can agree.
If, big if, we got CLI think we would break most negative records We did last time we played in Europe
He's usually 2nd choice behind Plea and Thuram for Gladbach. His movement and positioning is quite good but his finishing is so shit.
MASON MOTHERFUCKING MOUNT LETS GO
Probably because they feel they should have a goal by now
Man gtfo troll
Games gone no cap, cricket>>>
People here live on such microscopic timescales, it makes my head hurt trying to keep up
Liverpool are 0 threat in set pieces... Unless you are Tottenham
>they literally physically assaulted him outside the stadium once lmao.1 guy gave him a push, I hope he recovered from it.And who says I boo'd Ziyech myself? Maybe I've always liked him.Please come with some better bait this is boring
India is a HUGE country
For Timo Werner, yes?
How did Liverpool cheat ? It just shit rules and every team is suffering from shit offside rule.
Man played 6 finals and won 5
No bias detected dood 
xG has been an stat in the making for the past 20 years, moment English football got more stats based (blame Allardyce and his time in America for that) they were theorising and creating algorithms for it. There's papers from the early 2000s of analysts discussing it and it's potential.If people can't understand that it's worthwhile and here to stay, Jack Grealish isn't the one to change it.
VAR taketh, VAR giveth
??? Why are all the replies to his tweet so rude lmao. Mount made a comment based on what he heard from Kroos. Kroos responds to clear up some air and wishes Mount some luck. Nothing cynical in there if you ask me.
Mate you'll appear in r/soccercourt if you don't go through with it
Literally who knows the rules anymore
can't put your arm up, can't leave it where it naturally lies lol.
Exactly, not sure why most people in here are shocked. Knew immediately after seeing the replay that it would be reversed. Bad rule but still a rule.
I was reading Zonal Marking, the Michael Cox book the other day, and there was an interesting bit in his chapter on Klopp's Dortmund which he attributed to Jonathan Wilson. Wilson had said that basically all the great pressing teams - Lobanovskyi's Dynamo Kyiv, Sacchi's Milan, the 70s Ajax teams - can sustain it for three really good seasons, then start to tail off. Cox adds Guardiola's Barca and Klopp's Dortmund to that formulation.I wonder if we're seeing that play out for Liverpool atm. Obviously there are lots of other factors involved but I think three years of playing at crazy intensity, which brought them a ton of success, is taking its toll.
Yep, good way to describe the flow of the game and how overloads can be created & exploited. I love watching the flow of the game so I'd rather watch a technically average or slow player who is smart than a physically great but low football IQ player.
The standard 1 point for a 0-0 and 2 points for a score draw.
Laporte against wolves, the handball against spurs and now this are you shitting me
Fuck, what a tackle
Simeone and Allegri definitely.
Cancelo has been amazing but I'm not sure he puts up enough assists or goals for people to vote him as PotY. I don't think that goal involvement should be the deciding factor but for things like this, it just is. Dias has made an insane difference to the City backline, similar to how van Dijk impacted Liverpool (although on a slightly lesser scale). Let's be honest though, it'll be an attacking player who gets PotY. Probably Bruno Fernandes.
Same, i have no idea why they didn't give it
Martin Tylers breathing is actually too much
It's funny because it's true.
Yeah, I don't dislike Maguire or anything but he doesn't scream captain material for me.
What a shite set of away days coming down to League 2. Northampton is always a good time but the others don't offer much. At least we might get rid of Newport or FGR in the playoffs with a bit of luck.Hopefully Torquay can come up.
Straight to jail. Play music too loud? Jail. Undercook fish? Straight to jail. Believe it or not, overcook fish, jail.
Not sure getting a lucky VAR call is 'cheating' but okay.
Fantastic performance from Mason Mount
The Fulham handball and that one show the clear problem with VAR. Just extreme inconsistency
For sure but hes let go some egregious calls both ways
Okay Mount is good. Real good.I reaaally hope England can put some structure in their NT to be back on the top in International and European fights.
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/lxceag/daily_discussion/gpnm35j/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
I know the feeling man. We are in a same boat. Sometimes we play like we would win every game, and other times a goal seems like a distant memory.
It's pretty hard to miss. Not sure why you had to have a dig back at  It was the first thing I picked up on his response. Thought it was a nice little dig, like "Calm down kid, its your first final"Does that mean I'm everyone too?
Ah cheers for providing a source bro, dont think that's a reliable one (but I could be wrong) - not saying that the content in the source is wrong- rather that I dont know how trustworthy it is if that makes sense? But appreciate sending the source bro - makes more sense now
People can ask for it to not be a gray area and also not be shite. I dont get what you're arguing at this point.
Absolutely, despite his deliveries i cant complain much at all
Ok Yank and perhaps you would do well to not talk like you have been on a Cocaine bender.
I mean I don't blame you, the only ones to blame are the higher ups in the refreeing community who decided on these offside lines. Never seen this problem in other leagues
It's alright Liverpool, we also didn't win at home for close to 3 months when we were in the PL.
Remarkable how slow Liverpool are in midfield at the moment.
No one gets a shot on target against us now
Pen? Okay Atkinson
Liverpool are glorified Burnley
He's been pretty fucking bad.
Genuinely looks like Chelsea have 5 more men. Pool not getting near them.Super shocking that this is the system Klopp opted for and still persists with.
Lovely bit of play
Do you have a license to ask about having a license for searching for licenses?
Ah but you have to win to get the extra point.
>if you still press hard,Don't worry. We don't.
Tosin took a big risk and got a bit unlucky with the rebound, but Andersons positioning is totally bizarre, just completely leaves the runner through the middle to chase the ball which Aina is already covering.
mane was on the ground and he passed the ball to his head
But mount is the one who originally responded? To a comment from kroos that didnt even refer to him or Chelsea? How is kroos the salty one
I could see inter 2nd and Juve 4th but no Milan top 4 imo.
This just don't make sense. Where else was he supposed to place his hands?? There was no intention to use hands on purpose as wellThis rule just don't makes any comon sense. EPL have to change them. It is destroying the game. It is not the VAR, it is the impcompetency of the refs
Exactly why it's annoying. If that's consistently not called a handball then there's no issue. The fact that I've seen pretty much every team be victim to that being called a handball is what's frustrating.
hope gully 2 foots graham at least once by the end of the year
Played the full 120 next to Schweinsteiger.Though I've watched that game twice and I hardly remember him featuring. Not meant to be a dig - I love Kroos, he was just pretty silent in that game. Coincidentally, he was the exact same age as Mount is now
I'd take the Saudis' investing in my club every day of the year tbf
On the pitch, Havertz and Mount
I find the arrogance and expectations of *some* Barca fans, especially on this sub, a bit baffling.Last season their club was in shambles. Chairman causing mayhem, financial difficulties, Messi pushing for the exit, unattractive uninspired football, aging and underperforming players. The team needed a massive overhaul without money to buy key players.This season a new team has been built around young talented players. A team that can be competitive short term and that could be on top for quite a while.Not that it has been smooth sailing, it has a season with highs and lows. The team still clearly lacks experience, especially in key areas. The amount of personal defensive mistakes that have cost them points is ridiculous. There is also little depth and some players still need to be phased out and replaced.But all things considering, winning the CdR and still fighting for the title at this stage is amazing. Especially since they have a young core with basically no strikers and an aging DM. If you would have offered that to the fans a year ago they would have bitten your arm of.Not that there haven't been any managerial mistakes, no development ever happens without experimentation and gambles that just don't work out. But the team has been progressing and moving forward all season. They regularly play recognisable and attacking football with fluid combinations. It is entertaining to watch them again.Messi, de Jong, Pedri and Griezmann have finally gelled together and keep improving every game. To combat the loss of pace and defensive coverage of Pique and especially Busquets the team has been occasionally set up tactically with 3 atb. Without being backed by any of the transfers he wanted Koeman has done a good job so far building the basis of a new team. The job isn't over yet and even next season will probably be one of rebuilding, but the future looks kind of bright again, much sooner than anyone could have expected last season.Still, how little credit and appreciation Koeman seems to have is perplexing. Some fans want him gone, often for seemingly weird reasons. Even Laporta apperently isn't convinced, although it is hard to come up with a manager that could have done a better job, and they had a few try already. Barca have been competitive on all fronts and even won silverware, but for some apperently nothing but utter domination is good enough.
We're probably too close to the Euros now to change unless he suddenly starts making mistakes in an England shirt as well as an Everton oneSaying that, if he does replace de Gea as United's goalkeeper then I'd be astounded if he isn't the England number one at the World Cup
Almost seems like Chelseas tactical formation tuchel is structured for Mount really.
Humble people dont grind in the same way. If youre fine with yourself you dont put in the extra bit that separates the two.
Yeah Mount was the best player on the field. Christensen excellent but Mount was good in every aspect.
What Davinson Sanchez just did is a legitimate "tactic" for defenders now, this one was unintentional but he just blasted the ball at the opponent's arm and the goal got cancelled because of how shit the rules are.
Hahahahahaha wtf is VAR this league is the biggest meme
I'd put Havertz instead of Ake tbh.
Talk about losing the eye of the tiger
Smart one Tuchel, taking off your best player for some yank.
What will it take
Yugoslavia is Europe.
Overall they just dont have mobility and desire to fight Chelseas vigor. Age or form I dont know but Kroos and Modric are just as invisible as Hazard in my eyes. I dont know why some fickle experts in their sub talked as if Hazard sabotaged their play. Madrid practically offers nothing aside from Benzemas out of thin air strike and good header. I dont know why they are so angry, they dominated the last decade, its fair to say their cycle has come to an end, and English footballs on the rise again.Two teams, one of which are in the sunset of their golden era, and one is dawning. Just life and football happening simultaneously. Its fair to say that some spoiled Madrid fans knows nothing about barren years and the perseverance to keep supporting a club on the low, which Chelsea fans are going through especially the last 4 years.That said, Chelsea fans might not be expecting all this pleasant surprise to happen 3 months after the Lampard turmoil. That summarizes the beauty of football.
them croatians are crazy
It's better to not take it if you're nervous. Every body gets nervous in a shootout lol, it's about who handles it best.
Distance
him and elano
I don't follow soccer closely but I just realized the USL has multiple leagues, are the similar to MLBs minor league system with A, AA, and AAA teams? And if so which ones have the most vs least amount of talent?
He just got injured, seemed to be a serious one. Had to be stretchered off.
Lack of big clubs and stadiums in the south west is staggering.
On the pitch, Gravenberch and Haller
He made that look much harder than it was. Simply had to control it or let it come down a little more, any good striker wouldve finished that easily
These Pulisic jokes never fail to crack me up
~~Whole season~~He's been progressively getting worse this season. Never really been good, but this is the worst he's played.
Really dont think thats a pen. Hes a yard away. Natural thing to happen. Be arsed with pens for that
this match feels really ripe for a shocking defensive howler. who do you guys think will shit the bed?
tbf, cumblast has been with them since they were as shit as you.
I feel R9 is better in all departments, but speed is arguable.
When will players learn? You need to chop off your arms if you are to take this game serious.
Loving our work-ethic this game... So robust
If we are replacing one of the front three, then Jota is already there to replace whoever needs to be replaced. If both Mane and Firmino will be out then we would need someone.
Yeah, he got injured in the box a few weeks ago and was subbed. He played in another match, but he was ineffective, and now he just has another ankle/whatever knock.
Yeah but most people aren't going to pen a letter to some CEO over the world cup, and there's no indication the sponsors care enough.That approach is great for those of us who care, but it relies on activism, whereas having a blackout of WC posts on this sub just relies on a dozen mods and it stops a large amount of viewership.
Lay out the authority in black and white for me please
The more I think about it, the more I'm starting to doubt that particular lineup tbhYou have to think like this; do the positives of that lineup outweigh the negatives? Is it really better for the team as a whole to limit Pogba this much just to have Rashford start? I think Pogba's ceiling is higher than Rashford's as of right now.We know that Pogba is at his absolute best when he plays in front of two midfielders sitting behind him, we've seen it here and also at Juventus. Likewise we know that Bruno is at his peak when he roams around the pitch and has the freedom to do whatever he wants.I literally can't think of any other way to best incorporate the strongest qualities of these two players except for having Pogba as the LW and Bruno as the number 10. Now, what do you think about this?      Cavani           Pogba - Bruno - New RW           New DM - Fred/Scotty      Let's say the new RW is Sancho. Would that not be a balanced front 6? The three behind the striker can all create *and* score on an elite level which I can't really say for Rashford tbh, the playmaker part, and behind them you have the necessary protection with two holding midfielders to create a balanced team.I like Rashford, but wouldn't you say it's more important for the team to cater to our two best players' strength Bruno/Pogba?
Use it for what? "Oh this player shoots from places where the xG is low, he is shit"This "use it" argument is so bullshit when the stat as a whole is massively flawed.
Soft foul on Robertson that
Ozil's Arsenal career summed up in one picture
Only solution there is to surgically remove your arm. It's by his side, and if it doesn't hit his arm, it hits his hip.
There should have been a comma after so much. I meant; he won so many things so La Liga becomes not so important.
Youre misusing xG. The fact that both shots have the same xG but might be scored or not scored is why we can mathematically prove Henry is a better finisher than Benteke...
I dont think so. Hed probably get games but wed be looking to bring through our other defenders still.
Bale is starting, lets go!
lmao Mane getting abused from all angles there. Someone should have got carded.
Such an ignorant take. Kroos was one of Germanys biggest talents, even as a more offensive LW and with a stint at Leverkusen. In 2013, he was an important player in front of Schweinsteiger and Martinez, being unlucky to get injured. You have no clue what youre talking about
henry had 24/20 in 02/03 but van nistelrooy scored 25 goals so he wasnt leading scorer
Stevie Wonder
And if Arsenal draw? And what if they dont play?
I love you more and more bro 
Klopp looks like a cross between Liam Gallagher and Rolf Harris.
How does Ziyech fit into Tuchels plans, if at all? How has he been used under him so far, and who will he have to fight to win a starting spot?
Yeah I don't think so, Kross is not the type of player to make a petty dig like that.
That's a pen.
Tuchel likes speed a lot apparently
Salah!? What the fuck?
No. He wants to stay apparently. Club has offered a contract which he feels isn't good enough. Its an open secret that he'll be leaving in the summer on a free. Which is a shame.
It should be similar standards to defenders not that they can get those right either, where if the arm is away from the body, then disallow any goal that comes directly from a deflection. But not in this scenario.
The need to reform the handball rule asap
Quite a few people said similar, even non-United fans
I think this is a metaphor for the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
Nah, Love seeing them get all defensive when someone says something they don't like
Remind me to never go on holiday with Expedia
If that was the case they wouldnt have written this rule to be specifically more harsh against the attacking team. I dont like it either, and we got boned by this same rule last year, but I dont think this is one of those spirit of the game instances where the rule has been too strictly applied.
I mean, is Biden a facist for condemning antifa?
It's still possible that I'll win the EuroMillions too.
Arsenal lose: hahahahaha Arsenal are shitArsenal win: hahahahaha look at these delusional fans celebrating when theyre 10thYet another Bayern fan with a weird irrational hatred of Arsenal
5 back with 2 DMs in front? Has Weekend League started early
Unsure if I'm allowed to post banter tonight.Somebody crying had me banned for 24 hours for taking the piss.Genuinely conflicted.
On average United will have more possession than that France team though a lopsided 2-3-4-1 formation in possession makes sense with the personnel United has. United's defenders are much more talented with the ball then their French counterparts. Maguire, Shaw and Lindelof are all adept while only really Umtiti is particularly skilled and I'd still rate him below the United defenders in that regard.
United spent similar money and look at the gap between them 2
Consistency is the issue here. Not sure how this is given handball but Hudson Odoi's against UTD wasn't a handball...Chelsea fan
You would demand it if it were Fabinho
have a look at this! one of my favorite football chants
I guess their children made them play Fifa or something.
Lmaoo you are such a liar. But anything to push your stupid little narrative. Thats a really weird thing to lie about
Smash it in you fuck
Totally agree. Dias has provided a massive mentality boost to the leagues best team and been their most consistent player (which is saying something)
shit level banter... what cup final? they cancelled it that year! etc... hilarious.... followed by a swarm of twelve year old fifa fans telling us how "chill" toni kroos is as if they are close personal friends with him or something.
Sounds sincere to me, especially considering he's directing towards a 22 year old. Would be different if Mount were some 35 year old talking shit about Kroos who has made it to his first CL final.
Bayern Vs Leeds 1975 European Cup final. Beckenbauers Bayern was arguably the best shit housing team Ive seen in CL until I watched Zidanes 16-18 Real. Germany like Italy was the best shit housing national team. Beckenbauers Bayern represented that very well in club format.
Does anyone actually know handball rules? Cause the refs definitely don't.
Mate they make changes to the offside laws and how it should be interpreted almost every season.    It's true that you are or you aren't, obviously, but that can depend on an interpretation of the law, allowing for margins of error, deciding what specifically constitutes offside etc.
Does Lingard in Wembley count?
I'd have gone Thiago and Firmino tbh.But yeah definitely taking the piss.
Got to implement some sort of daylight rule.
Having Brandt, Reus and Haaland play at the same time can often be confusing to look at.
We all shag each other down here son.
Gotcha. Our interactions have been dif't then. I've not really seen people claim United don't spend. Moreso people claim United don't spend what they could / should be able to spend.
MLS All Star > Ballon d'Or
I really don't understand the rules anymore. Reece James could catch the ball from this corner and I wouldn't be sure if he didn't have defenders advantage or something else weird
So, you're just chatting bollocks. Thanks for clarifying.
It's stupid but those are the rules this season
Donnarumma wont come to us, but you are correct. Mendy is fairly average....Which is of course an improvement on what Kepa was. So its not a total waste of an investment. Getting rid of Kepa is also very difficult, 7 year contract and high wage makes selling him impossible
There's no realistic suggestion that Arteta's going to be sacked, is there? I saw Ornstein's tweets, I read Amy Lawrence's postmortem and arseblog's too, and the consensus amongst what I'd consider the well-placed journalists seems to be that the hierarchy are full on "trust the process" and he'll get at least the summer and a decent way into next season, no matter how angry the fans are.
There's so many 'told you so' fans about. I'm sure people like him are more happy that Arsenal are doing bad so their opinion is right.
The German national team I actually knew nothing about this
Yes he needs a fresh start and he will do well in France imo. We will definitely gonna buy a lb , Zinchenko/Cancelo are not the solutions
I remember getting the morning off school to watch England-Brazil in 2002. Unprecedented really. Then being deflated cycling in before lunch. Then having a massive game with my mates on the field and forgetting it all. Happy days.
no he wasnt
Kroos talks before the game, Mount responds directly post-match, Kroos responds after the game. I would say this is Mount letting his talking happen on the pitch and Kroos sounds salty. Why even respond lol? This was all of his own making, smh.
I could never :
So Phillips is out injured. Another CB. What the fuck is happening
Same. The only two having a proper go
What the fuck Werner?
Good luck not crashing getting on planes like that.
Tuchel has a serious problem with Kante Kova and Jorginho. None of them deserve to be dropped.
Strikes me as a crossbones tbh. With the beard he kinda looks like Frank Grillo if you squint
Defensively his tackling is shocking, and I can't recall when he's done a proper good pass to open up a team, just seems slow
Facebook started being popular during 2007 or 2008. It was never globally that popular until then. Im pretty sure CR7 had a bigger impact than all of those guys because he was the face of Premier League, which even players like Thierry Henry and David Beckham werent able to do so. In my country, PL was well known like in many other European countries and the fact Bergkamp and Overmars used to play for Arsenal who are iconic Dutch players, but what Im talking about is it being a global phenomenon. Just like what Michael Jordan did with NBA by making it globally popular. Thats precisely what Ronaldo did with PL.
pretty obvious isn't it
Fuck me Mane, what a chance
IMO, Mane is mostly COVID after-effects, his dropoff has been ridiculous overall since he returned. I hope this is something that is being discussed by the medical team and not just for the game but for his long term health.
Sorry, I was thinking of his first win. So they're the same age.Point is: it's a weird flex on a 22 year old.
It's not VAR's fault though. The rule states that if it hits the arm no matter what and leads to a goal, the goal is disallowed. It's a terrible rule.
Is that an excuse for his shit performance?
Im tired of Nike kits at this point, weve been wearing pajamas since theyve gotten the deal. Would love to see adidas or umbro back but just anything else please.
Trump lover is on.
Think manager pull is a bit of a myth tbh.
Im a fan of his podcast
Horrific decision...
That has to be the stupidest rule enforced in the modern game. Lost track of the handball rule at this point to be honest, seems like it's updated every couple weeks. I do think that if the arm is out it should almost always count as handball, but when it's tucked to your side what can you possibly do about it? Game's gone.
"Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!"\- Woodward to Ole after City put 6 past us this weekend.
Horseshit decision... VAR/EPL Refs have absolutely gutted the excitement, and more importantly, the integrity of the sport.
that is very clearly unnaturally bigger.who the fuck knows these days.
Reguilon. I don't care about them breaching quarantine but he is a gift that keeps giving.
Nah, if he gets top 4 he stays (unfortunately)
Self defence after Van Dijk tried to murder 2 of his teammates prior to it unfortunately, which the BBC just brushed off as him highlighting whos the daddy
Cristiano hasn't won it 5 times? Thought he won one at United
I don't get all this VAR decisions and arms. At this point it's easier to play with a straitjacket
Exactly, if you see the bigger picture it looks like you've lost against the likes of Spurs and beaten Burnley but it's the opposite that's happened, which is why it's understandable overall but excuse if you see specific games.
Invented the modern day Champions League with the flood lit friendlies in the 50s when Wolves were crowned 'Champions of the world' after beating Honved and Real Madrid among others.
Implying that he's not one of the greatest in the game?edit: misread op
All we're lacking is creativity. A killer instinct. He has us set up so well in defense and possession.
Watching Jones atleast he looks like he has some passion, the rest of Liverpool couldn't be arsed
Its the right call to the letter of the law but damn i feel sorry for him there
Punching up at Kroos of all people lolAt least he's handled it with class.
Alonso is a bad idea with all these balls being played behind
It's not that he's even trying difficult passes. He just dribbles straight into players or flops simple passes. His attitude and workrate is also appalling.. lads just casually jogging around.
god I can't tell if you guys are socially inept, contrarian or what
I have always said Ole is a vibes fc manager
Wtf!!!!
Everyone calling for the ball and Gini just stands there looking like a kickef puppy. Would love if he could actually pass
Funny really. Abusing people for voting someone is actually fascism
Not a surprise given how much ground hes had to cover in there I guess
You are from Nottingham?
Yeah..
It's like Rashford and Adama last year. Rival fans rate them to shit but the actual fans of the clubs they play for acknowledge that they are being hugely overrated. Kind of have to trust the fans of the club on that occassion.
Us less cultured Brits pronounce things as they're spelled.So I'd be with Tyler's co-commentator Jamie Carragher, who is pronouncing it Kante.
Appreciated
The little boy inside him told him he'd be playing next to Dani Ceballos and Granit Xhaka one day and he couldn't resist.
Which collective asshole are you fucking idiots pulling this distance traveled bylaw from
Have a good one
He's been embarrassed, has to make something out of it
FUCK SADIO MANE!
Can i have the names of Your best performing FM wonderkids? Just asking for a friend.
Mate the joke went way over your head, as if Minamino means miniature in Japanese.
He's been horrendous lmao
but it should, at least to a a fairly big extent. Empirical knowledge is a legit method of obtaining knowledge, and even when is vulnerable to bias, in these issues people who saw both the past and the present are the ones with the most complete knowledge of all.
everyone questioned this at the time, made no sense - especially Havertz
I know, that's what I mean, people don't care because they aren't western culturally I think fabinho supports him too.
United, West-Ham and Leicester are top 4, with the form Milan had in autumn theyd be there
Yup, just mad online about absolutely nothing.
Everything can be ultimately explained in numbers. Its just a matter of how much and how well we know how to.
I know. I am not saying he is arrogant. He had a good moment with Modric after the game but the adrenaline rush got the better of him. I am sure even Modric wouldn't be happy after he went inside and saw Mount digging and poking at Kroos. Kross is his teammate. If Mount keeps behaving like this then he will become a douche like Robertson and Trent. I just wish he hadn't made that comment against a player like Kroos.
Mane .......
Yes. Literally everything about the club is rotten besides the ground staff
Made up but that is another shocking call.
You know his club employs loads of performance and data analysts who will be involved in giving him feedback about his performances?
I haven't seen us score a goal in a month now granted I missed a couple games but still.
I don't get why they don't just use foot positions...
Doesn't count because it's not American innit.
I guessed Senderos.
Not really, I've never known of Kroos engaging in this sort of pettiness. Also doesn't seem insecure enough to take a dig. If anything it strikes me as Kroos thinking that Mount has misunderstood his original words and just wants to clear the air by wishing him luck.
Reminds me of Chelsea when they finished 10th after winning the league. Was weird. Obviously they had a good squad they just found ways to lose.
Milan should re hire Allegri tbh.
Absolutely. Real have done great considering all the bull shit they've had to go through this season. Hopefully they win La Liga because, well, FUCK BARCA.
Frontpage is always a cesspool tbh, after those racism threads I learned not to care about the comments in the frontpage posts
Sorry I forgot about when I came on to the Daily Discussiong ot make posts about made up Bayern fans
Has to be SHAG
Oh man a chippy end-to-end. Nervous as fuck
Its not easy to hit that first time from that angle with spin on the ball on the right there.
Tbf Mane has been shit all game compared to Salah
That's reaching. He barely played. That's why it gets left out and that's why you can't always go on stats and figures.
That is such fucking horse shit. For a team in a desperate relegation scrap to get denied a point from such an obvious error AFTER VAR LOOKED AT IT is just disgraceful. There is no excuse for this shit other than match fixing. Get fucked with this. Sorry, Fulham bros.
The world cup is a billion dollar event. It always gets awarded to who can pay the most. Qatar should be an example of that. It hardly has any football culture or infrastructure.
Mounty
Im happy for you guys but we do know who will win it. Until they are mathematically out PSG are gonna win.
Unfortunately youve got two mixed up together there haha. Would 100% want Nat Phillips to play but hes injured by the looks of things and Rhys Williams is no where near ready.
Not trying to joke around or anything here, but would Klopp be closer to the sack if there was a full Anfield for these results?
Probably wont happen, but who knows, if they do so, I see Barca as a more likely champion than Madrid.
Mount being comfortably the best attacker in this Chelsea side is wild, he's truly damn near a world class player at 22.
This one's a troll.
I generally assume there are only brits on this sub.
What's the Eredivisie rule?
Inter would be challenging City for 1st right now
Yes and him talking down to Mount if the quote is to be read that way is wack too, not his fault he didn't play for early 10s Bayern and mid 10s Madrid.
Im not sure a thread of sensitive Liverpool fans is the right place
Kante's arms up like a shocked old lady from Mississippi.
my phone stream is almost a minute ahead of my PC stream. I hate Peacock.
Brother, on my mothers life Trent is playing against us
Hardly equals out as its against a different team.
Your typo made a pretty funny portmanteau of the city's current and previous name:MUMbai + bomBAY
Not sure which random alcoholic Sky chose to be their cameraman tonight but he's having a mare.
In Football Manager 2010, after a few seasons, the players who quickly became the four best goalkeepers in the world were Hugo Lloris, Igor Akinfeev, Rene Adler and Sergio Asenjo. How would you rank them, according to their achivements IRL ?
Mane looks lost lmao
who is the most alpha footballer ? has to be zlatan right ?
They showed a terrible angle for that if it was offside.
Martin Tyler not getting the joke
Never have dood
This is so much better than the borefest we had with Man U
It's Arsenal obviously it's shit.Do you just throw random sentences to try to sound smart? WTF are you even talking about
The side that keeps us in the top 4 lol
Glad I'm not the only one. I think the main thing that's killed it for me is no longer ever get excited about a goal until we're sure nothing's being checked. VAR has killed the best thing about watching football, celebrating goals.
hahahaha
Yeah but I hope Moe Greene Kross doesn't tell his friend Roth Gundogan to make life hell for Michael Mount in the finale uefa cl final.
In highschool statistics class my teacher was talking about sampling biases I think, and gave the Yahoo comment section as an example of people with the strongest opinions being the ones to feel compelled to take the time to leave comments on articles. I think about that often in relation to stuff like this
Its not about United. Its about super rich teams spending stupid amounts of money, guaranteeing they will become more rich whilst also not even being good on top of it
Mount was trolling lol. Kroos couldnt take it so had to get in another response which Mount will brush off as just noise. If only Kroos could do the same.
That season was better than anything tuchel ever accomplished.
Covid took all of Mane ability. He doesn't even do his normal run ins after a long ball just for the sake of it
No way Maxi Arnold is only 26. I swear hes at least 28 or 29
3ARB is the key to unlocking Chelsea, Lampard flirted with it last year but was unaware of it's potential. Praise be to Conte.
Everyone knew Foden is England's most exciting talent, so what he's doing now isn't really surprising but still impressive. Cancelo is a good shout too, best RB in the world this season really.
How? PSG and Sevilla differ in quality. Maybe we will play well, but its gonna be difficult for a remontada.
r/fuckcaillou
Werner, Laporte long armpit hair gang
this league needs to be investigated
Absolute disgrace.VAR is ruining football
Keita looks good when he plays. The issue is hes made out of popcorn
you're a smug piece of shit for being happy your club is in such a shit state
For me, who didn't grow up with the likes of Pele, Cruyff or Maradona, Messi is the best I've ever seen.
Okay in that case has anybody test drove that new A Class yet?Saw an advert for it on sky so thought I'd ask.
That rule is garbage. Wouldnt have been a pen the other way round so why is it disallowed here??
Villa are equal to Spurs on points and games played, shouldn't they also be considered in the race? The NLD is a big decider in it too. A win for Arsenal and they're just about in the mix but I really don't see it especially with West Ham and Liverpool right after.
These supposed "big" Premier League games are terrible. When was the last time we had a 4-3 thriller in one of these? Or even a 3-2, not even a 2-2. Just two big teams playing scared footie.Boring.
We really are best friends
An example of this delusion? Gets an exampleWell thats not actually an example!!!
Davies to add to the mix now
Christ that RB post on the front page is a cesspool, people I implore you to go to a game just once or if you cant, watch a doc about Union Berlin or some shit.
"Won't be streamed in Iran""I hope Haaland tears that kit when he scores"
Yeah every fucking manager knows how to set up against Liverpool these days.
Ah man I remember Ryan Sessegnon, he was so massively hyped and now Im not even entirely sure what team he plays for
Idk ask united fans.
being a good team for 20 games is still impressive even if it doesnt ammount to anything at the end of the season (im not neceserally talking about arsenal here just generally)
always been his main issue, unfortunately.
How the fuck was that a hand ball? Jesus Christ the premier league refs are so bad...
In other words: do you know who I am? I am Toni Kross. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Weird that a right wing nut would like these posts7
Reddit's involvement in the GameStop thing is really overstated. GME stock was going to blow up anyway, and all wallstreet bets did was predict that it would happen 6 months in advance
who ever brought up Suarez in this conversation
On the pitch: Coman and Alaba. Off it, I dont know
I hate academy players who leave their clubs on a free. Recently I saw rumours of Donnaruma leaving for Chelsea at the end of this season. Just why? The same thing happened to us with mer Faruk Beyaz recently and with Merih Demiral before. So disrespectful and disloyal to the people who raised you
What! I literally have the same opinion, 2 players needed to do the job of one. That's how lacking in quality they are
Not sure on the country youre from, but the UK were quite close to maybe being out of this with the success of our vaccine rollout so Id rather not risk it just yet.
one of the worst decisions i've seen.
Nba streams.to
There are much more important things to get wound up over lad
Wouldn't that mean the problems run deeper then just the manager, like the squad?
They need to fix the rule by stating there needs to be daylight in between arm and torso for the attacker handball rule to be in effect.
I don't even know what a hot take is!
whats FSG?
Rebuilt a squad twice in two years and reached two CL finals and won every other trophy at Juventus except the CL multiple times. Also, won the league before Juve started dominating with Milan. He is tactically excellent, plays all sorts of formation, is very pragmatic and with the right players played good football. Let's just say he would have won the CL twice except for MSN and Ronaldo.
That Liverpool fan is spot on lol
>we were worse than Liverpool are now, and not a little bit worse we were legit the worst team in the league for a while lmaoYou weren't.Not once this season have Arsenal been performing worse than Sheffield United.We're currently doing that
Totally.Ill kill Kroos if he speaks like that to Mount again.
Yeah that's my point kind of.
Hand high above shoulder in box = no penHand by side, nowhere to go, not extended = disallow
PL fans hate the fact it exists for some unknown reason.
So many people will always talk about Messi and Ronald, while completely ignoring this.
Woah Chelsea are playing amazing man
yay jota!edit: wait...for salah? huh?
That makes it worse. They can't even pause the video on the right frame, much less draw the line correctly.
Flick and Zidane but thats pushing it. Got to include Flick tho, but he isnt as established as the other two.
lmao including the Bayern treble one?*it shoots itself in confusion*
All the UCLs were won with ref cheating to be fair.
chelsea press gonna expose something.
He's just Lampard's son tho
Why did Mount decide that pass to Werner 5m away needed to be 100km/h fast lol
You want soft contact to be a penalty, just as bad honestly. The sport isn't about getting the ball into the penalty area and waiting for any touch from the opponent to get a penalty. Ridiculous how many more penalties there are nowadays, and how much people cry for them for anything, and how many players would've dived in Mane's position and could've bought a penalty despite Mane clearly showing the contact was meaningless.
Spent 850m, sold for close to 300mUnited on the other hand have spent 700m and sold for 200m in the same period.One club is doing better than the other despite spending similar figures. Surely the recruitment and the manager has something to do with it.
To be fair they also hate Rdiger even though he has been our second-best CB this season. Most fans are just super reactionary and don't want to give players the time they need to put up a good run in form. But it's like that in most subs of top clubs.
Excellent news. The hype train keeps going.
Loool that definitely wasnt offside.
Because I dont see any posts in your history about Fabinho or allison being facists and they both started the game. I say again: keep that same energy with Allison and Fabinho.
Celtic 3-3 Man City was a great game of football with a very good atmosphere so I'd say that objectively that is probably the best game I've been at.Lazio 1-2 Celtic is probably my subjective favourite, though there may be some recency bias there.Edit: As a pick for a game not involving Celtic, I really enjoyed Barnet 3-3 Brentford in the FA Cup a couple of years ago.
It's 100% the correct call by the rules, unfortunately.Not only would I be pissed if it happened to Spurs, I was pissed last year when it happened to Spurs. It doesn't change the fact that VAR made the correct call based on the rules.
90+4 Lincoln 4-2 St Joseph'sEnrique Gomez solo effortFull time.
Saw somebody say yesterday that Vidal deserved to be sent off in the Madrid 4-2 Bayern game from 2017. Do you agree?
They all look so ubermensch
It is much more humorous after five other instances
Turned up to every thread about Bayern, every comment about Bayern and would bitch about them. I don't think I ever saw any of his comments that had a positive number of upvotes
Why in the fuck is Salah on the bench but Mane and Firmino aren't?
If the ball doesnt touch the ground outside of the pitch it isnt out so you can volley the ball back into play or do keepy-ups around the back of the goal.
He would be shite. He was in full decline before he was dropped.
The refs seriously need to check the rule books again,Werners arm/hands are not a goalscoring part of his body????
Arm Amputees are the next generation of footballers I guess.
We're buying Haaland, Mpbabbe, Messi and Ronaldo! Jesus don't you read Daily Mail? Jeeez
Valeri Bojinov
Fell on my face at a Kreisliga game once while completely hammered. Large and old concrete stands are tricky.
Handball rules for attacking and defending are totally different.
There is: grass.
Im not saying it was a good hire, Bruce is shite and a nob. But that will have been the aim. Hes being kept because they arent completely dead and buried and sacking him will cost money Mike Ashley wont want to spend.
I don't understand what you said so it's probably false.
Id rather keita personally than Milner. 0/3 on players replaced for me
Mount is crazy, Kroos played 6 CL finals and won 5 of them. Typical...
Ref got it right. It's just a shit rule.
Might as well stop caring about anything not directly affecting you by that logic.
what the fuck has happened to sadio mane
Yep, that's the limitation.
You really have got to sort that flair out, mate
Pel is clear
Sure thing:"It is an offence if a player: touches the ball with their hand/arm when: the hand/arm has made their body unnaturally bigger the hand/arm is above/beyond their shoulder level unless the playerdeliberately plays the ball which then touches their hand/armPretty simple.
This is the most egregious example of Is he meant to just not have arms? Ive seen so far.
I think Chelseas offensive structure has been the better of the 2 sides, not really impressive though.
Its crazy how more than one decision can be wrong. This is a childish take
Well could be worse could be the Roy Hodgerson era
Dele :)Doherty :(
Great goal by Mount, but worst celebration, looks like a little girl.&#x200B;PS - in American sports, we have video review, but they only overturn where the video shows "clear evidence" it was off... otherwise it stands AS CALLED on the field. That was terrible, they should have said "no clear evidence"
Werner looking sharp.PS If anyone's up to discuss the game on WhatsApp as a Chelsea fan, please join us here :
xg has value, but people usually dont use it correctly. Ive seen too many times people say one team had a higher xg than another so they should have won.
Baffling behavior from these people.
Not even a Liga 1, couldnt even handle FC Voluntari away
I get they need to fill the silence sometimes, but they don't half talk some shite with stuff like this.
I just love Tuchel's intensity
There's also a post-match thread. :P
> Turns into a lil scared girl This is always my go to in precise analyses
He's playing right wing after all. Tuchel asked him to work more on his role and he took that seriously
absolutely false. he played whenever he could, esp. in all important games (bvb, leipzig, cl knockouts). and also played amazing in all aspects in those games. bayern, quite frankly, just played 83473x better last seasoin than liverpool do currently. aswell as a system that suits thiago to a tee.
No flair so gtfo
it's really sad to see the stadium with no fans , without hearing the songs it fkng sucks
The fact Zidane is even considered GOAT tier is preposterous.
Tammy is way worse
yeaah Sissoko's was crazy harsh. This one is in the seen them given and seen them not given territory.
ac mailand shirts are cheap
Subscribe
Timo needs to switch to short sleeve to give himself the competitive advantage
It's good at evaluating players' ability to get into good positions, and it's a good indicator over the long term of how good teams are at generating chances.
Absolute comedy gold amiriye guys
Either Dias or KDB
Nah prolly just switched to city
sub him on ffs
No the 20 year old cb and a midfielder aren't first choice, they're 6th and 4th choice respectively
so they disallowed fulham's goal for that handball ... but that's not?
I can't say I agree, but I can definitely see where you're coming from. I like that you've added some evidence and stats to back up your claim.
Salah as Pimento?
Different phase of his career of course.
Makes no sense really, only scored three goals in total in Portugal but decided to spend a club record on him.
I honestly find it kind of hilarious that Kovacic somehow played that off as accidental
seriously? what the fuck is handball then?
Completely. Sometimes Ill find myself criticising a coach but then think... honestly theres no way in hell I know more than they do.
That's shitty from Kovacic.
Similar position because despite what people say, a goalscorer won't fix their issues. Everyone in that team misses massive opportunities, they create so many because they are willing to get players into the box.Its one of the reasons I think Potter would do well at a top club, players with better composure would equal more chances being buried.
If klopp had one more sub hed take off robertson
It is when you have a sugar daddy like his
No "unnaturally".It's bigger, it's not a deflection, it's in the box.It's a pen.
.66 G + A across all competitions per 90 min. for his value that's abysmal. but it's his first season so we'll see
Werner will find a role in the team eventually imo, won't be a world beater but will be a consistent decent forward in a specialised role made just for him.Havertz will be good eventually and everyone on here will be smug and pretend they weren't the ones slagging him off as a flop.Ziyech I'm not sure, haven't seen enough of him
What does Poch have to do with it?
Does it have to be related to football cause I have some dingers
For it to count as a chance created there has to be a pass from a teammate involved beforehand. So stuff like shots from rebounds and receiving the ball from the opposition don't count as creating a chance.
I mean I thought that tbf
It likely wouldn't happen anyway. Any time there's been joint hosts before they've always played at least all their group matches in their own country from what I remember
Easy, they didnt know what they were doing, now theyve been given tech they dont understand and now theyre even more confused than they were before
Is Werner the new Morata?
Celtic 2-1 Barcelona. they had 3 shots on target and 11% possession I thinkhonorable mention for Northern Ireland U21 2-1 Spain U21, with 43 goal attempts for Spain and 3 for Northern Ireland
Very high threshold for a foul today for both teams.
NRAmar
Also interested, somehow missed it
Same with the Newcastle penalty vs Spurs earlier in the season. Can only hope it leads to subsequent revision of the rule.
Red card still... The refs could also have an open goal rule.
Curtis Jones man what a play.
What I'm saying is that this is a decision taken by both the board and the coaching team, not just the board.
Hes got to be better than firmino to be fair
Bet over half the smug melts all over the Rashford-Maguire incident going "You've obviously never played haha, this is normal everyday shite" have never had a kickabout in their lives, just jumping on the wagonNot to mention telling your captain to "shut the fuck up, you knob" isn't good behaviour at this level anyway. He's not in the park with his mates here.
So this is handball and the one in the Chelsea/United game is not??? Mad mad world we live in.
Southern fairies
Terrorists. And also me right now as it saved us
The rules are different. How are there so many people in this thread that don't understand this.
Fine with this one, but the Fulham one was awful
lmao great finishing
Except Rosler is 20 times better
At what point is a player an attacker or a defender? Because I could see an argument for the Fulham player being a defender in this situation, like he doesn't have possession and is closing the spurs player down right?Edit: wow some people up in here have issues. What's with the downvotes? I was aking a question. Didn't even say that was what I thought.
I mean nah thats bogus. Every team has been hit by an armpit sleeve at this point im hardly even surprised
Liverpool will win at home.
Fuck off.
Yeah, that's right.
He won't spend a little money on a better manager but he'll go and splash 100 M on players for a shot manager? That doesn't make financial sense
Jorginho Wijnaldum
Imagine the jetlag lol
your move Bayern. Seeing Qatar Airways on that would be funny as hell.
I just dont get what people see in Rashford. He scores some goals from individual brilliance from time to time for sure but other than that he makes so many straight up poor and sometimes baffling decisions I dont get how hes made it at this level. A real enigma so to speak
Go on, tell us
I dont think that klopp can even be compared to Arteta, Guardiola or Parker lmao
Tbf the Wolves one has Jorge Mendes dodgy dealings written all over it.
Definitely paraphrased what he said XD
This high line is really a bad idea.
some of these Pulisic jokes are pure fire
Always is
The board only care about top 4 though. As long as Ole is the person to get them top 4 theyll stick by him.
oh come on man, that's pretty weak. 2/3rds of your comment is about his playstyle on the pitch. I thought we were talking about Toni Kroos as a person. There are players who are psychos on the pitch yet serene off and players who have ice in their veins on the pitch yet degenerative off. On the pitch behavior doesn't say much. As for whining, I have to say I didn't know that. Is it like him having a reputation as a stoic man who always respects the refs? Or is it just a case of there not being any notable instances of whining in memory. Becuz if it's the latter, that's not rlly remarkable. Same can be said for 50% of players. Anyways, only thing I'll give you is aesthetically pleasing playstyle. But then again, I've never seen Pogba called classy here. Anyway.. coys...
Hoping GervinGod turns up
Mane and Firmino will drive me to bleach this season with these shite 1v1s
But if they didn't then they wouldn't even create the half chances taht they've had so far.Chelsea just better atm
>So in a post about one manager replacing another, you don't want to say who is the better manager? Yes because that's not the point I was arguing against?
Mount is a fantastic player
ziyech's legs are so long
Kabak looks like federer
Werner just created a tap in if ziyech isnt useless and busts his ass
Mentality...
We have some hidden gems in the 2nd league.
How could you possibly know?
But we're playing with 2 CAMs so he would slot right next to him
I was already half celebrating the goal. He was really on form last night, which was frustrating as Pope was really poor on Iheanacho's goal.
is: steroid football
Kroos dismissed any racism in the German national team
Holy shit. Now I feel bad for Werner. That shit will damage his confidence.
Caputo, De Paul, Faraoni
Definitely the UEFA Cup final in our own stadium, thought I was going to commit die.
I support both Milan and Inter due to Milano being a great city and these teams having some of the most legendary players and managers through the years. Is this messed up?
Should have started VVD, oh wait, Matip, oh wait, Gomez, oh wait, Davies, oh wait, Henderson, oh wait... Fuck do you want him to play?
Lol I wonder why
Complete. Utter. Bullshit.
Sack it hahah, every time weve had a must win game weve fucked it. Wed of had a chance at the title still if wed of beat the bottom 6. Pair of us are bottle jobs
He said he doesn't like over the top celebrations and thinks they might be a bad influence onyouth players and mentioned Auba and Griezmann as an example.Thats it, it became a "deal" when alot of people read way too much shit into it kinda like with this situation lmao and even tried to spin it into some racism angle.
expensive toilet paper
He's blocking a cross with his hand ffs how can you not give a pen for that
Pass me whatever youre smoking
so far Fati has shown a lot more. who will be better in 5 years i cant tell
Could of sworn Lauren played for arsenal
Having arms without a license.
"Ok boomer" is so 2010s you ancient.
Coming off a win, teams above us dropping points, /r/coys in high spirits, playing a team in 18th place who have scored 8 goals at home all season (lowest in the league)What could possibly go wrong?
21st century
Him being excellent is something I do not deny. I liked watching him play, but he certainly wasnt the best player of his generation. Not even the best player at the Juventus or Real teams he played.
Interesting, never really known a club to publicise a list so far down. TIL.
Are they fuck. Carragher practically agreed with the decision in commentary
Do you happen to remember the penalty against United when Ayew kicked the ball and it hit Lindelfs hand from a similar distance? Its fucking dumb but it should be consistent with earlier calls
Ive never seen salah content with being subbed
So instead of having his arm by his side where the ball would have hit him anyway, players should wave their arms about?It's bullshit no matter what the rules say.
Firmino did just kick it against his hand, like.
Neither has Emile Heskey.How many PL goals does Messi have. Argument over
Lmao imagine comparing Klopp to Moyes at United. Surely you remember how fucking bad you were?
One of the worst decisions this year.
Got rattled by a 22 y/o comments. But yeah hes calm and what not lmao.
I dont know, I dont watch him.
The Atletico game couldn't have happened under Lampard.
Giroud easy. No beard Giroud is a legit supermodel.
AAAAAAAND ITS LIVEMartin Tyler belongs on commentary like a mummified cat's head belongs in a caesar salad
Ffs loool
Yeah edited my comment the form is horrendous but honestly that era was awful
The lines are on top of each other?!
i think he was 23 or 24 so a moment like this definetly helped to shape him as a player andnpwrson
Sure but am being realistic.
Well, he has nothing left to prove.He has won it all.
That is a proper bullshit reason to rule out a goal.
We bought the worst cb in the Bundesliga and a championship player, unfair to expect that they will transform us completely
you're just going to wear a random kit then? would choose a kit I have some feelings towards. thats a good site, https://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/specials/names-numbers/legends.html
Grizzled
you better hope this doesnt come back to bite you in the arse
I lived in Buenos Aires a few years when I was younger, Boca is truly a religion there and I think people who haven't seen it can't understand. Riber are also big but nothing compares!
And yet it's still one of if not the best midfield in CL history. 1 2 legged tie won't change that
I have a crush on Elizabeth Olsen and want to date her , but that doesn't mean its possible.
Final note, Thiago and Gini have been absolutely hopeless off the ball. Neither of them are doing anything and are just getting bypassed. You can say the balls over the top are killing us but thats because there midfield has so much time on the ball once they get out the first phase of our press. I dont even know how Klopp can change anything either as we have no midfielder with an defensive stability in the squad apart from the one playing centre back.
Hahaha cheeky from Kovacic Love it
He's terrible at passing. Gets it right rarely.
Low key a good thing about being a Boca fan is that no one cares enough about us here to start talking shit.
How can the EPL refs so consistently fuck up VAR?
Luckily, Chelsea is a poor club with minimum wages and Mount is playing there for free.
Yeah. Grass.
I mean top 4 leagues
Well if its going to be called against us it might aswell be called for us
As long as they speak the language in an understandable fashion, thats enough
he hardly claims anything with performances like this...
Hand in unnatural position, seen softer pens given
Very close. You can say otherwise that players can just hit it right into the arm and win a cheap penalty.
Apparently if you fail to control the ball with ur chest and it lands on ur t rex placed hand its not a pen
And shit like this is why that cunt was wrong when Im telling him English refs are terrible at this compared to other leagues. This disallowance never happens in the Bundesliga or Seria A
4 CL and a WC would do that to you I guess
Oooh that ball from Thiago was sex
Yeah but at the same time it was quite funny
Ive been reading a number of books to get my bearings, personally. Michael Coxs The Mixer & Zonal Marking are good reads. Im really liking Christoph Biermans Football Hackers at the moment. There are more but those all touch on tactical development over time.
He is a troll, ignore him
You kind of can
Chelsea won the battle but Madrid won the twitter war, Madridistas can sleep well again!
Doesn't matter unfortunately, that's just the rule right now. Attacking hands is always disallowed, no matter the position or intention.
I'm tired of this "try to find the perfect sequence of 20 passes that result in a tap on from the 6" shit. Just start fucking shooting. We have become the Arsenal always try to walk it in meme.AND WHY THE FUCK IS SALAH THE ONE COMING OFF?
So is that Saudi Arabian sheikh really planning to buy Inter? Gonna be crazy
He has had bad start in terms of finishing. But team are always putting an extra man on him, hes great at taking it down and making a chance out of nothing.But even if he was shite, would you rather everybody calling him a donkey?
People trying to reduce football to some mathematical formula or just simply explain it with numbers will never be successful. The game is too complex.
Amen, always weird seeing british users here absolutely shitting on Leipzig when their clubs are also owned by billionaires
holy shit, just shows you how underrated that guy is
They've been missing for weeks now
That guy that played for Everton. Lacina Traore. He was a 6"8 striker.
how are these getting haircuts
Did Mane have a hair transplant? The hair at the front is so clearly different from the hair at the back lmao
Hope Benfica draws one of the french teams, hoping that PSG ends up third in the league...
Im gonna get a bunch of downvotes for this but I think a win in the league should be 3 points. Idk why some people want it to only be 2 points
90 minutes covering the sound of Thiagos passes incoming
the FA are useless and will somehow fuck up this next gen of talent like they always do. Southgate is a horrid coach
watching the game since 3rd minute. Just noticed Thiago at 65th min
Some are associated with an MLS club and some are not. Some that are not associated with an MLS club still have MLS players on loan. The USL is ever changing with new clubs starting up and going defunct all the time.
How is saying they are unlucky treating them like children?Also I think Werner gets shit ton of criticism he's just fortunate in this regard that Havertz is doing significantly worse.
Kross didn't say anything in press that would be considered as a slight against him or Chelsea. If he said something like this then post it here. Also, Lampard showed disrespect to Klopp's assistant which one can clearly see in the video. The fact that you are cannot counter the fact that Lampard only attacked those managers after they attacked him first is funny. Lampard came up against many veteran managers but only those 2 veteran managers were behaving like assholes to him. I mentioned the same point many times but if you cannot comprehend it then it is your problem. Or else may be if Mount can win more than 4 cl medals like Kross then we will be able to say who is the better player and professional.
Thanks. I was thinking that's what he could be talking about since Spanish speakers doing that is so annoying and that journalist took it to the extreme
RINSED
Just like my parents, Im gonna say ishAllah as a nice way of saying that wont happen.
Fucking shot that Sadio
Is his arm supposed to disappear? Its right by his side. I know the rule, any touch of the arm, but some common sense is needed for that kind of thing.
how tf is this not a penalty?
Has Gattuso been that bad?
what if arsenal finish above liverpoolthey are 6 points behind them with a game in hand
That Michael Owen demo was nice 
Gonna struggle to top this
Act how you want to be, if you want to act cold and confident, portray yourself in that way. Its more than half the battle
Like this LFC team has the "yipps"Just forgot how to play completely
Indeed that seems logical. But the grit shown by Real Madrid last season scares me a bit. I wouldn't want to go into El Clasico neck to neck, because form doesn't matter in that game. A draw seems more ideal to me.
We've been so dreadful. Genuinely
Don't rule this shit out
You haven't been watching if you think he's been the issue. He's given away some cheap fouls but been one of the best in possession, and since starting in the prem been the best midfielders in the league at progressing the ball even beyond KdB, statistically.
Firmino needs to go and Liverpool needs new world class attacker if they wanna compete for title next season
Just when we thought wed get one of Hendo or Fab back in there Hendo went down. Hopefully Nat is back fit at the weekend and we can see Fab in midfield though.
They gonna buy a wind tunnel for maximum aerodynamic advantage
All the more reason for me to name players who deserve to play for a top team instead of farmers
Maybe its because they beat Leicester
It's funny how Mourinho was always called out for being too defensive in approach which is correct but same fans don't want to acknowledge that Ole is very pragmatic too
Ole should get a chance tho. I don't think there would be any revolutionary manager out there in summer who will suddenly change everything and make UTD Champions. Europa is their biggest chance of trophy this season. They should probably go all out for it.
I agree the Premier League is very much a global league these days but I'm not a fan of it. Leads to higher ticket prices, clubs moving into these soulless toilet bowl stadiums to "compete", less English identity in the league and increasingly less parity among the richest clubs and everyone else in the country.
All that's missing is a Jurgen Klopp football genius banner now!
I don't think it is shitty application of the rule because it is the actual rule, the rule is just shit.
Fucking joke of a decision. How the hell have the governing bodies managed to fuck the rules up so badly? Got to wonder if any of them in charge of this rule change have played football
Im sorry what?
You're not wrong, and I imagine a fair few people only know of him because of that, but it's quite funny that the bloke has played for 10 clubs, played 2 games for us which is fewer than at any of his other teams, and gets called the guy that played for Everton.
Centre backs for me if that stands. Completely caught out
Technically he did? If he has ever paid VAT in his life that has gone to the Government and made up the bank loan which Tottenham got. Hope this helps.
That time United beat Southampton 2-1 away with their only two of shots of the game. Van Persie got both goals.
Yeah, I doubt many here play football. Griezmann-Pique exchange vs PSG was also made out to be some big deal.It's fairly routine stuff.
emoji's are great and people who dislike them are cringe af
Mountain
They really haven't changed it significantly at all. And that's down to the simple fact that it's about a line where you either are or you aren't. If you continue your train of thought you arrive at the same destination. It ALWAYS ends up being one millimetre this way or the other. No matter where you put the offside line that will happen. And if you start with some goofy margin of error than you might be in the margin of error by 1mm or not.
In other news Thiago hasnt committed a foul yet
When a team set up like Chelsea have taken the lead and don't need to score anymore, how do you go about breaking their set up?
Thats a fair point, Id forgotten about Silva
I wont be able to talk to my Ajax supporting neighbour, he'll be too busy being too loud and boisterous and not ready to listen to anyone
r/soccer isn't featured on r/all anymore
I think it's very much a cultural thing. I wouldn't mind being bought out by a rich billionaire. In fairness, we have one and it pretty much saved our club, has us where we are now, and they seem to have the club's best interest at heart. I even said the other day that although they are potentially dodgy, it's not enough to bother me, I couldn't imagine ever not supporting Leicester. But there is something about the RB thing that really bothers me, it seems like a step too far. Of course I preferred it ethically and emotionally when we were owned by the likes of Lineker, Heskey, and other shareholders that purely had Leicester's best interest at heart - but we would never be where we are now if we were still owned by that group. (I don't think - there's no way of knowing).
Why do you think that matters?
Just got to laugh at this point hahahah
I live in Montana (US) and the nearest professional clubs are around an eight hour drive away - Calgary, Salt Lake City and Seattle.
Flick at the back of one and a half good season, over the likes of Mourinho, Tuchel?
Liverpool really need fans. I don't think they would be losing during non Covid times
Bust out the Frankenstein as well ifykyk
Mane goes down at the softest of contact yet displays stunning strength and balance when players fly in and try to chop him down.
Plastics mate, the lot of us.
sounds a bit narrowminded of you. i can imagine that this guy got maybe some "death threats" from some "koelsche jungs" and just doesnt give a fuck at this point. you dont know what he experienced..
holy fuck that's a nice one. Could you give us Jonathan Wilson someday too?
Its a slippery slope for Liverpool
Fabinho is just a bald Brazillian Van Dijk.
if it goes even half as well as his last game vs. Liverpool I'd take it
Think we drew 2-2 that game
Georgi Kinkladze. My dad used to rave about how good he was.
I think the squad is quite good honestly, some great players there. I guess the bench is terrible tbf.Where do you think you should improve?
>Thats we take the eye test. But that's not an objective measurement. The eye test is inherently subjective, because everyone perceives reality around them differently. The only way to make definite, factual correct statements is through measurement, which would be statistics in the context of football. And because those statistics are too dependant on their surroundings in football, none of those are useful for a definite measurement.
I hope our fans enjoy Europa League, because there's a chance we'll play it again next season
>In my opinion the league has outgrown the country and the clubs have outgrown the citiesI mentioned this a few weeks ago and depending on the day / time, it's received differently. On one hand we have become one of the biggest clubs in the world due to corporatisation, the size of the league and spending power of the top teams in it. This has allowed us to spend 75m-100m per summer in upgrades and build the new stadium. This is also where I think the 'it means more to local supporters' thing is bollocks when coming from PL Big 6 supporters. Because over the last 5 years I've been virtually priced out of going to more than a few matches per season. There is no local affiliation to the club and they don't have a connection to the community the way they did 15 years ago.
Inter atalanta and Juventus Lazio, key matches for 7 teams overall. Inter vs atalanta > juve lazio, as a match to see
See DT's video
It's not bait the user you're replying to is genuinely stupid. Has the worst takes I've seen on here
Guy in Swedish studio said when he sees that kinda "offside" he just wanna walk out
And then there are people like you.
Keep the Germans the fuck away from the only tournament we play without them around, thank you. An Argentinian.
Triple post mate
Cringe
Weird going from having probably the worst defence in the league last season to it being the strongest part of our game this season. A lot of credit to Emi but Mings and especially Konsa are just as responsible.I think Konsa may prove tricky to hold onto in the not too distant future.
Mason F*ckin Mount. What a strike!
Yes, yes and yes
SHOOT MANE fucking hell
I wish I had a "friend" who would plug my podcast every day for the past fortnight
I don't understand this game anymore
It's the measurement from the badge on the sleeve, which is where the shoulder is considered to end. It's a bullshit rule when it comes to being offside because he's running and has his arm out
The idea is that you CAN score with your shoulder. And the rules basically say that they draw the line by the end of the sleeve or where the sleeve would be, if it isn't where it's "supposed to be". It's dumb as fuck but it's according to the rule.
Can any Liverpool fan tell me why are they not playing good football recently, apart from the injuries reason? Like you purchased two CBs in the window no?I will rephrase this guys. Are you playing bad football because your usual midfield isnt there or because of the tactics
Yep VAR applied it correctly
Well yeah but I mean were in relegation form atm
why should he support him, when Kroos thinks that zil lied. Its not a situation were both sides can be right.
PL bias showing again smh
Yep, he signed for Chelsea ages ago
Srime Pacary Bagna*
dunne and ireland
that says a lot about liverpools attack, they get into a position for a chance, play the ball across........... no one is there
He's surely better than Phillips and Davies
Yall got alisson and Fabinho who love bolsonaro. Quiet down
have to build from the back more so than transition quickly after winning the ball high up the pitch.
This is the dumbest thing I read in every xG discussion that pops up here. It should be possible to rate xG and still accept that not everyone is a fan. Doesn't mean they haven't done their research.
Because it's repetitive and boring.
Real wouldnt pay that after what happened with Hazard
I think most fans would want him gone if we get no trophies and miss out on top 4. I would rather us sign a holding midfielder than a center back but if he does stay for next season he should be backed. There are problems with the team that he has to shoulder the lions share of responsibility for but there are also problems that I think he has been saddled with by the board.I don't think he's been as poor as most neutrals seem to think and I don't think his performance warrants a sacking but the reality is that there are better managers out there. Poch and Tuchel are not available any more but Allegri is. And I'm sure there are others who have jobs that could be tempted. He's had more than 2 years and the fact that some basic problems are still there is very worrying.At the moment he's primarily being saved by the fact that the players all seem to really like him (although a year ago he was being saved by Bruno). I think that counts for a lot, you can see other managers at other clubs lose their players' trust/belief. I'm not sure that it's a good idea to tell the players that it's a long term rebuild and that you trust the manager, then sack him when he ultimate still has us in 2nd and the players like him.
Eric Dier on Ramos in Nations league match between the two countries.
Yeah. Lucas Moura had handball given against him last season because someone on the opposing team fouled him, then booted the ball into him while he was on the floor. There's no room for interpretation, it's just if it hits a hand and directly leads to a goal, it's handball.
To be fair users on here aren't making death threats to people and most bad takes get down voted immediately, so I'd say it's at least 25% better
Its like this with every team, come on.
Pulisic going full beard
Add Everton and maybe Darwin Nunez
Surely Firminio leaves in the summer?
I was trying to say that yes, racism is obviously bad but it isn't the only kind of abuse these players suffer and it should all be punished.
No Thiago as well. The good Thiago I mean
Its just that hes their 6th or 7th best attacking player. Thats all.
Love watching Mount! What a goal!
> Or Arsenal fans bashing both and then getting countered with "he's better than your entire club"Kinda rude to bring facts into this though.
> Bayern rabid horde
And this was the decision that broke the camels back. I think VAR might have a shocking change in the near future ;
Misread it. Lets just say I said it because Yugoslavia is like 6 countries now.
The Reddit front 4 is starting. I'm excited.
He looks like this in a lot of 3atb games.
Haha how have I forgotten about that one? Definitely got a good laugh out of me the first time I saw it.
Rashford has double Sakas goal contributions this season lolRashford will be starting for us.
Probably the perfect example for this:0
i legitimately dont know what the handball law is anymore
He was, back then when his defending is average, but having world class offensive output. Now that offensively he has been shit, he is nowhere near best right back in the world anymore.
This isn't VARs fault for once. This the problem with the new handball rules for attackers. This is not the spirit of the handball rule.
Why dont you change our mind seeing as you want a new rule
He also never won any Chinese super league trophy
How often do you want to post the same comment?
McKennie and Cuadrado look indistinguishable on the pitch, the commentators have mixed them up so many times this season.
What a fucking pass by Salah. Horrendous by Mane
hate 8:15 kick offs
The Pel special
lmao "what if the foreign coach couldn't see what the English coach saw in Mount"
Which is still correct by the laws of the game, you've just given another example supporting his point
brighton create proper chances at least
r/gatekeeping
With games where VAR is in place, I think the offside rule should be measured by the feet, otherwise the momentum of the attacker will tend to make it offside when its close. The rule was brought in to effectively stop goal hanging, but at this point it being pedantically accurate is just favouring defenders too much
What's he done wrong?
The answer to most of these questions is that people who are paid a lot of money to analyse every inch of the football pitch and what can be done on it have looked at the numbers and concluded that it's not effective.
Yeah this has late Liverpool banger looking all over it.
I feel this totally, I dont look forward to games at all atm. Just watching for the sake of it.
Its been 20 years since a South American side won the World Cup. Do you think something needs to change? On one hand, Brazil were excellent at the last World Cup but shambolic finishing and a Fernandinho disasterclass led to them being eliminated by Belgium. Had Casemiro not been suspended, they mightve won it. Uruguay were also quite good, unlucky that Cavani was injured. On the other hand, Argentina and Colombia didnt look good at all imo.In 2014 Argentina were defensively excellent but again, missed chances in the final cost them, whilst we all know what happened to Brazil
The law of large numbers would rely on the goal scorers to all be similar ability
> Which youngsters at your club do you believe will most likely be stars in the future?> > Musiala. Best talent at Bayern since ~ Gtze.
Seems like a shame but I think you're right
Antifa apologist lmao
Hey guys Dedicated follower of Liverpool soccer club since they won the champions league a couple of years ago and I have to say if Klopp loses today he needs to be fired, this isn't what I signed up for!!!!! Manchester City fans could you tell me what it is like to be a supporter of that club because tomorrow I will wake up one!!!!!!
That makes it worse! It's like they saw this rule, analysed it, saw it was unfair...then kept it anyway.
Don't know why you're singling PL fans out when every leagues fans are braindead
Yeah like Im not saying either should be given but the one that wasnt given was more of a handball than the one that was
Martinez(DM, CB), ECM(ST, LW, SS)
Thats why hes just sleeping okay and not great. Those copas are the last thing he needs
The defending for that Fulham goal is hilariously bad.
English refs are
Theres reasons why zil didnt get into the Arsenal team. And it isnt just politics
I can't even remember who we played now, but it was a cup game a few years ago at Goodison against someone shite. I went with a mate I hadn't seen in a while and we were going out after, the mix of pub first, drinks at the ground and getting battered after meant I didn't even remember if we'd won the next day, let alone anything about the game.
Why? United are at the very least 5 points clear of Tottenham. Not to mention equal chance of winning the Europa League.
You ever heard your own breathing whilst having a wank?It's difficult to suppress.
I don't watch both but statistically, Sevilla conceded 18 goals in La Liga while PSG conceded 17 goals in Ligue 1.
A few people making a lot out of Rashford shouting "shut the fuck up you knobhead" to Maguire. I don't know if it's just me but I feel as though people really underestimate how often this shit happens amongst team mates on the pitch. I used to play on the same team as my best mate and we'd always be saying stuff like "fuck off you prick" to each other after one of us berated the other for making a mistake. Obviously, there was a lot to absolutely despise (or love, I guess, if you support a rival) about our performance, but I do wonder how much football someone has played in their life when they make such a big deal out of minor arguments among team mates.
I want us to give him 3 years. Then I'll judge him. We KNOW he is an amazing striker
Just commenting to plug a comment I made on the match thread vs palace that I think deserves more upvotes. Its about 3 into my comment history and MAKE SURE to read it as a song to the tune of UB40s I cant help falling in love with you.
But would you argue that it's not a penalty if he went down?That's kind of the point I'm making: rewarded for diving, punished for staying on your feet
Sure, but that doesn't make old people's tales any more reliable. Ultimately, as someone who hasn't seen Maradona I just don't know. I can't know. Old people's tales don't change that.
On comes the fascist.
Mane having his 13th straight stinker but take off Salah sure
Same with Laportes the other nightIf they scored it with where they base the line off the goal would've been ruled off anywaySo why the fuck are they using the arm for offsides
"you clearly must be a new fan"to someone who's been watching the PL since its inception.
Maybe he shouldnt be weighing in on posts that advocate shooting people then? Or hes just too much of an idiot to hold any actual views.
Ratiod 
I was cringing as the commentator said something like 'perhaps a foreign manager won't see the same thing as an English manager does in a young English player..' Like wtf a good manager sees a good player. There's so many reasons he might not have played Mount in his first game before you get to nationalities.
Why is it the powers at be who make the rules just try to make football worse? Are they secretly rugby fans? This rule is utter stupidity Theyre going to ban heading soon The rule where if it hits the ref you have to waste a lot of time - was nothing wrong with previously leaving oh alone ! The rule of bringing in VAR The rule of penalising a keeper for being 0.1 mm off his line for a penIts like football is trying to destroy itself
Lucky for pool there, we're slow in defence and need to wake the fuck up.
I just can't believe that with all the shots on target we've had tonight that nothing has gone in yet that was our first shot on target
If only there was an area where they could exercise and run around to stay warm.
It's Wales' national stadium. Mostly for the Rugby team as the football team tend to play at Cardiffs ground now. Brilliant stadium and I miss the Cup/Play Off finals being there tbh.
Stay on their feet far far too often.
Rodri and Cancelo.
you cant be this stupid
I feel like there should be a third referee who is like the "common sense" referee who can override everyone else. "Look, I know what the rules are but common sense says this should be a goal so we're awarding the goal, case closed".
Try again bud
Kabak manages to miss the ball there.
Ledley King
tbf they did...against this liverpool team...at anfield....
It does though.
Energy drink, both are soulless but at least the owners won't be as horrible.
I really cant wait for Jota to be back in full fitness. Hes not going to be the whole solution, but fuck me we need someone else to challenge this front 3
Thank you.
Charlton had two for four years in the nineties (1991-1995) - Alan Curbishley and Steve Gritt.
Here you got bud
Ziyech atleast showed something during that november period. Arguabaly their best playerHavertz really has shown absolutely nothing the whole damn year, but excuses for him are rolling
Smh languages gone
I respect you man, proper PL fan wind-up
Liverpool doing there best Atletico Madrid impression spending so much time flopping around
Rangnick needs his transfers. Kroenke won't give it
Oh Sadio! That's a tough shot, but I would hope he'd do better. Try to hit it with your left foot or something
Nah at this point you cant say hes not a good coach, maybe not an elite coach but hes good one.
That's so incredibly daft...I don't believe it
Klopp has lost the plot lmao. He's the only one trying to make something happen
Yea, not sure why people are trying to downgrade his legacy to make the present seem more palatable.
Amazes me how were still 2nd in the league. Weve been poor for over a month now and no one else apart from Man City has capitalised on it. in our last 8 games weve won 2 .... Not sure if it's because we created a bit of room between ourselves and below top 4 but surely some teams should be leap frogging us by now.
Yeah imagine wanting to clatter a fascist conservative haha, who'd want to do that? Oh wait literally everyone
This is so shit from Liverpool. Just hoofing it up to Salah
*For the moment, you areoffsideif a part of your body that you can score with sits ahead of the body of a defender. I would like it to be that there is nooffsideso long as a single body part which a player can score with is in line with the defender. This could be too much of an advantage for an attacker, because that obliges the defenders to play higher up.*
I'm so close to buying that but I already have our kit with the anti-racism slogan from last year and usually only but kits every 4 or 5 years. It's tough.
playmaker werner is here
Now Allison has gotta give away a goal and then Chelsea have won this
Klopp has got to change his high line strategy after half time. It's costed them nearly once already and Timo has certainly shown he can outrun anyone back there
The hidden rule in soccer: you need to cut off your arms
Same with French tv too but theyre a biased since we have Kante
Banter aside, I dont understand why fans are attacked for celebrating a win or an equalizer
Yeah. Both are wrong but at least its fair, both teams got robbed a goal each.
No, but youd trust him if he told you how to stay fit as a footballer.
Mount best player on the pitch
Its Mourinho all over again. Hard pass imo.
the hell? Salah is literally the only good thing from Liverpool so far
i just dont know anymore.I thought was was clear cut
The funny thing about this situation is that if the GK had blocked the shot and then another attacker tucked it in the goal this would be not be considered a handball under the rule.
United are in the top 4 you bellend.
What do people think about yesterday's Champion's League game?Did Zidane have to revert to a back four because of injuries? Or was it something else? I really like the way Chelsea play, but at times I felt like they leave a bit too much space in the front of their box because of how much they press elsewhere. It only happened once or twice last night, but it was pretty noticeable seeing a Madrid player with plenty of space right outside of Chelsea's box. Madrid didn't seem to exploit it though, other than a long range shot or two in the first half, but I wonder what might happen with City and their midfielders like De Bruyne and Bernardo Silva if they find space in the center of the field like that.
This is definitely an example of /r/soccer swinging too far the other way. I don't think it's a huge deal, it happens, but it's also not as normal as people are claiming.
thanks
makes sense actually. almost want a 0-0 draw to earn 0 points at all to ensure teams go all in for a goal and some action
Wtf Kovacic
Is it irrational to still be infuriated by the Werner call despite being ahead? Ive rarely been so pissed by a decision
The ref is not the problem. Hes following the rule. The rules are the problem.
Only Keepers are allowed to have arms
the consistency is that there is no consistency
was that a cross or a shot
You and me both
Is he American to any extent? The name doesnt exactly seem traditionally German haha With your current defensive issues do you see more youth integration or will Dortmund look to make transfers for more established players?
Theyre taking away goals on hugely questionable/ non-intuitive grounds. Why is any of this good for the game?
No the more reasonable interpretation is that he's saying first because it is Mount's first final
Bayern probably thought they'd have a longer run in Pokal, no ?
Klopp has genuinely lost it...Salah off, really?
Depends on the system they play in.
When you put it that way, we really have been a weird side under Ole, but I'm out of my depth to try to decipher why it's been so. We can look like world beaters and draw against relegation sides with the same squad.
Rules are harsher for attackers than defenders. Im happy to not see that given.
Yeah, PSG is a very weird example to use now you mention it. We actually started to control the game once Pogba came on, and he very obviously played a huge part in that.
Kamehameha one hundo
city usually play with a 2.  What a back three allows for is errors because there is always an extra person covering. Going forward you have to be creative and a little asymmetrical so you don't get overloaded in midfield.
Never won the Northwest Counties league either, what a scrub.
That is the worst I have seen, disgustingly bad.
Salah shaking his head?I look forward to tabloid links to Madrid in the morning
U suckin dick?
They dont like being excluded. Have seen multiple top 6 PL fans whining about the non PL DD. Its hilarious
Define "big", he knocked United and Liverpool out of the FA cup, beat Arsenal, dominated Mourinho's Tottenham twice, beat you quite soundly to give Liverpool the title.Bayern last season were on another level so it's a bit unfortunate.
Yeah, KDB is almost unequivocally better than Kane in passing and playmaking yet Kane is the league's top assister because he gets to assist Son and Bale who score all their good chances while KDB assists Jesus and Sterling for the majority of the season before being moved to false nine himself. It can give an indication but not much more than that, often the pass before the assist matters more, or someone scores a solo goal and an assist is earned just for passing them the ball at the halfway line
I am with you on this.So much of our perception of things is media driven, it's quite unreal.
I talk a lot of shit about the UK government, but if they deliver the Euros with fans I'll be very impressed. Something to really look forward to in this depressing winter/spring time.
you can pick out high profile bad eggs all you want, point is its naive to think youre smarter than the people at the top
lol, first thought of holtby because of the malli link, but its a good one.
Don't jinx them pal
They do, you're just bias. That is all.
I'm not saying it's the issue, I am referring to the fans who claim we literally don't spend money on the transfer market. Like the ones that genuinely believe we have spent about 50% of what City have over the past decade.
>I'm telling you that it is in 99% of the cases.That's fine, but that's coincidental and not the reason people are called plastics. Assuming you're getting so upset about this because you're not German?>They do have an emotional bond. It's probably not as strong as locals who fill up the stands but it's there. It's not "impossible" like you say because obviously millions and millions of foreign fans exist. There mere existence disproves your point that it's impossible to form a bond.More to being a football fan than just sitting on your armchair and being happy when you win and upset when you lose.
Just count the actual goals and move on. You know I'm right.
Ajax.J. Timber (RB,CB)Q. Timber (CM, DM, RB)Blind (LB, CB, DM)Gravenberch (DM, CM, AM)Alvarez (DM, CB, RB)Martinez (LB, CB, DM)Klassen (DM, CM, AM)Antony (RW, LW)Tadic (ST, AM, RW, LW)Neres (RW, LW)Kudus (CM, AM, ST)Ekkelenkamp (CM, AM)Labyad (AM, RW, LW)Mazraoui (RB, DM, CM)Tagliafico (RB, CB)
Nah, its more like I have 4 Champions League medals and you havent even played in a final. Theres levels to this shit bro. Shut up
Pedri is the most likely. Followed by Fati and Araujo.
I fucking miss Hugh on the kick off, I can't stand Rory anymore, sorry the Salah > Henry opinion is so fucking stupid.
Uhh wtf I really thought he did too then
Liverpool fans have been annoying my entire life. Nothing new.
I give up. VAR is beyond comprehension
Klopp out. Ruining my club
We need a non-Manchester United daily discussion
He's no longer an attacking player when the possession changed, so the rule doesn't apply.
Jones has been better than Milner Ox and Keita.
being eased back after injury, expect we'll start seeing him again soon
Pulisic isn't playing mate
I feel Lukaku has a better first touch than Werner.
Okay, all goals are worth 100 points now.
not having his hand up there? thats not a natural position. but fuck i know what a handball is and what is not.
There are 3 acceptable phone backgrounds:1. Your pet2. Your partner3. Default image
There's business and being reckless
Sure someone was talking about top 4 still being possible after your last result.
Highest win percentage for a Juventus manager in their history
Because its a massive cult? Its not a bad post
We'd always brag about the size of our cocks. Mine is pretty average to be honest. Nicky Butt has the biggest cock you've ever seen. He'd waddle around the showers doing the fucking windmill at people. Poor Gary Neville though. He always showered with his back to the other lads. One day I grabbed him, and spun him around to have a gander. The poor fucker's got a little button mushroom. I've seen more meat on a vegan lunch menu &#x200B;These were the exact words.
I think you mean Man U vs Chelsea
stop counting things 
And the commentator was like "he should have turned there and taken it on".Mate. What?
I hope I'm alive for the day that Chelsea play Real Madrid at any stage of the Champions League.Never happened before. Not once.
Wants to upgrade
His arm was up before he kicked it? Are you all dumb?
So were even on dogshit decisions
Nobody wants to talk about how two games in a row Mane should have dived for a penalty, yet we get labelled as divers constantly
Liverpool so insanely sloppy this game. Look like us in the last few games under Frank.
Sometimes things break in an unlucky way. That's sports and life.
Dont know about that since Rudi gave it straight at Mane's feet without any pressure lol
With the towels/blankets? C'mon lads..
Fuck me Firmino that was shocking
Completely rewrite the handball rules across the board so we actually know what is and isnt.Sissoko got called for much less in the CL final. Is Kante penalized in Europe? Honest question
How can you complain about that whistle if you are Mane, what a joker.
Seriously should have players handcuffed to avoid offsides.
Oh our players are also tits with that
Chelsea too
High up in the form table since new year
You should start a consultancy buisness catering to football clubs.
In the first 5 u mean?
Wats with the downvotes lol I never claimed kroos is a rascist but it just didnt look good because ozil clearly was in distress snd kroos played it off instead of supporting ozil he received backlash and from Bayerns admins also
Sorry.lol
No idea, since he got his covid he looked really bad.
All the best to him.
They love phone wallpapers for some reason. Is that a thing for people over the age of 13?
im sorry but Ziyech has been terrible. Chelsea playing very good but Ziyech might as well be replaced with a training cone right now
Teams would just sit back. 11v11 catenaccio
Snitch has only 1 meaning, snitch. Grass means weed, grass, and snitch apparently
did he he imply he would shoot them?
Greenwood
If they get 8 more points from the remaining 11 games which is pretty likely, then Chelsea's defence in 15/16 is worse.
In a forensic examination that will for sure be a pen.
Hits his hand in the build up. Right decision as much as this sub will hate it, but this place has also been screaming for black and white handball rules for years, so there you go. I dont think a ball hitting a hand in the build up should automatically be disallowed, because where else is he supposed to put his arm, but its the right decision under the rules because they dont score that goal if it doesnt hit his arm.
He can have arms, but the attacking team is explicitly not allowed to gain any advantage from a hand ball.
Diogo jota
Not a great touch tho tbf
everything Kroos does seems to be class
Both are equally important, Bruno is effective in getting goals and Pogba controls the tempo in midfield and carries the ball from defense to final 3. With him out, just look how Scholes pointed out there's is 40 to 50 yards gap always between our front 4 and defense+ McFred.
Read the whole thing
No idea why trent where he did.
Because Keane was a maniac. And I know Man Utd fans like to think they won a lot because of that, but you don't need to have an insane person in your team to win titles
KDB over foden
This league is so shit now
Werner man
If we're going to play over the top, would love to see pulisic on for ziyech at some point.
I didn't see Ziyech being meh. But then again I never watched a Dutch league game in my life lol.
To me yes but that's probably because I belong to a generation that grew up watching Messi
I suppose I can understand that to an extent, though I think it will be awfully hard to find an available, affordable replacement.
#WERNERRRR
Yeah I agree, I think McNeil's productivity is hindered by the fact he's swarmed in every game as teams know he's our main source of creativity.Despite this, he still looks like our best player most games, and he's still only just 21. It would be interesting to see what he'd be like with less focus on him.
Is Atkinson going to allow Rudiger to grapple Salah around the torso all game or is that not a foul?
That's a shocking call
If injuries don't happen at the worst possible times and our main players stay fit long enough, we'll be surprisingly more stubborn than some would like to believe. Yeah.
Honestly the only time I ever heard of him making comments that I disagreed and thought 'he should know better'and yes, I know about the Aubameyang saga.
Telling your captain to fuck off is not the norm in any high level team sport. Its pub league stuff.
This what's new in 2020/21 article from the PL website mentions a new handball rule, and I think this is the one they used today to call it a handball
VAR and dodgy ref calls are ruining my love for football and the prem
I think overrating Englands talent is the more delusional thing. Whatever you say sugar
VAR is honestly a joke
In history, Mourinho, but currently Klopp. Mourinho is a two time champions league winner, won the treble with Inter, beat Guardiolas Barcelona. That considered, I think he is behind the curve now, and is struggling to adapt to the modern game.
Outside of DD is actually a new world.
He really does change the way we play with the ball and cycle it.
Fans wanting their team to do poorly to get rid of a player/manager will never make sense to me.
The big miss is that those players didnt end up being worth 50m collectively, let alone 200. Getting those players made perfect sense to me
The rules are different for an attacker and defender tbf which is ridiculous but not VARs fault
dani parejo, valencia are certainly a top team but i always felt he could be a better player for a cl contender or at least a title challenging side too
Snitch is what you have to catch to finish a game of Quidditch
What did you think happened when players swapped shirts after a game?
Well Ancellotti is a 3 time CL winner, while Poch hasn't won anything more than a packet of crisps. If quality players are coming to United, it's probably because United is a big club more than anything
Yeah shittier
Troopz isn't balding.
If you want to lose your hope for humanity, have a look at Dortmunds Twitter post about them coloring their shirt sponsors logo like a rainbow. Mad who football brings together.The replies... 
Both thoroughly winnable for this Bremen side, especially that Kln defense looks ripe for exploitation. Bielefeld is a bit harder to predict, they might get that new coach bounce.
Arsenal fans really are the most oppressed people here
That would be a handball if it hit him at that point of his arm, what are we even doing anymore ffs. The line was drawn at like his bicep!
Not saying he should have, but Mane could have easily earned a pen there.
Tbh I am now starting to question this Liverpool team even when Van Dijk comes back
Didnt know Tammy was injured
I brought that point to my mate and he just replied with, "yeah but who did madrid play to get to the semis" like...
He is 9 years older than Mount, dont think thats much of a burn. The kid is about to play in a UCL final.
Wow Jones
I never really watched Juve play, especially outside of UCL knockouts so idk much about him but what does Allegri do so well that hes so highly rated on here?
Of course it wouldn't make sense to you you support the most successful team of all time. My team were lingering in lower midtable of the championship under Steve Bruce. He had one game to save his career. We're losing 3-2 until Yannick Bolasie equalises in the 91st minute. Right at the death we get a penalty. If we score and win the game, Bruce's job is saved. I'm gutted. Up steps an unlikely penalty taker in Glenn Whelan. Whelan misses and I celebrate like we just win the world cup. Bruce is booted out. In comes Dean Smith who takes us on a 10 game win streak to get promoted to the prem. A cup final, and a last day of the season game to stay away later and we're fighting for Europe. I was dead right to celebrate us not winning that game.
Has poch even improved psg?
Evil opinion
Except in this instance its more like Kenyon Martin saying you had posters of me on your wall while growing up..
Agreed
Thanks for that image
VAR in England is a fucking disgrace.
You can't even rely on us to get battered anymore unfortunately.
Liverpool on the ropes
Subs are more cozy than me watching this lol
Did you read what i wrote then ask why he starts, does what I wrote not answer that? maybe have 1 more read and let me know if it answers your question.  Last year Allison looked better as VVD was in god mode covering up his mistakes, Allison is not better than Ederson at shot-stopping, at distribution or footwork. Positioning might be more equal though.
Some of this has to fall on Klopp. We have the same tactics every game, and we don't shift tactics during the game at all. It's extremely easy to line up against a side that is so painfully predictable. I know injuries are making Klopp's job far more difficult, but he has to get the players to change their approach.
Just because someone was a good player it doesnt mean theyll be a good pundit
It's not non-sensical. At all. It perfectly captures how stupid the logic of your comment was.
That would be your chance at playoffs gone as well tbf
Don't want to sound like a prat, but none of the United players would come into City's starting XI when you genuinely think about it.
I just think of Everton when i see it
Is it tho? They bought Tsimikas because we need a backup for robertson. They bought Jota to provide depth to the attack. They bought Thiago because he is presumably going to be the difference maker to an already strong team.Then after shit happens with the center back, they bought two new defenders, one a cheap backup player and the other one a young promising foreign player who can still develop. The one who underperformed was pretty much the key players from the successful team. Firmino, Mane, Trent, Alisson. Add Fabinho and Henderson because they havent been playing as center mid like they used to as well.
get fucked pal
FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh dear, how have they ruled that out...
Why the fuck? Just for the one miss pass? Dudes been so good this game.
Is anybody going to take accountability of this shit?Absolutely horse shit!
currently pooping
lamptey reinjured ffs the guys got the weakest hamstrings on planet earth im sure of it
Yes and as I said, Drogba/Chelsea were still challenging for titles around that time. It werent just 04-06 chelsea were challenging.
I think he largely gets a pass for this season. Deserves a chance to do a proper rebuild, something Liverpool desperately need.
"I swear Luka, he turned himself into a pickle, funniest shit I've ever seen"
Coulda *killed* him!
Fair play to Tuchel, quite comfortably the second best team in the league atm
All you need is a solid goalscorer. You are still dominating matches, just not finishing for shit.
4 times out of 5 he stays on his feet. No really. Could have gone down last game too but didn't. It's just that his embellishments get more focus and people spread that outrage around.
Got nothing better to do today so may as well waste time in here
Werner has been really good so far. Its a hard finish since he is so short and the ball was pretty high up
Thiago would actually work fairly well in our team, now you mention it. I'm not saying that as a "we're so much better than Liverpool", we just don't play at nearly such a high tempo and having a player who can find space in midfield and also find a line-breaking pass with the ability Thiago does would be a fucking Godsend for us.
Yea ofc they have the best midfield in the world. Bayern being just behind. Their forwards just suck at shooting especially the wingers.
Considering how we(Real) won last season, our performance and quality of football has roughly remained the same. It is obvious to anyone that watches our football that Zidane's whole offensive philosophy is basically asking for a CR7 like attacker to send in the final ball to. We don't do that, and instead just move the ball around endlessly on the wings because rarely does anyone make a direct run into the box. Zidane dealt with that by making us a defensively solid squad, which has been exposed several times this season due to injuries/brain freezes/shit refereeing and what not. Our season has been disappointing but not unexpected, at least to me. Barcelona have over- performed to an extent. The only people who are disappointed in Barca and Koeman are idiots living in 14/15. The decisions he made, like getting rid of Suarez, may look bad, but they were necessary for change. A season like this was expected, and it should have probably gone way worse. Koeman still has a few more names he has to remove from the squad before a transition is properly completed, and the team has done well, exceeded realistic expectations I must say even.
He's won as many as Messi
Does Mum know you're on the laptop again
I mean, a pitch isnt even a mile so its obvs a figure of speech you helmet
Gonna be a fight with Everton for the EL spot.
Rashford turned around and say "Shut the fuck up, you nob" - I assume that's the bit he's on about.
games gone
Simeone.
Bring him to Arsenal right this second
Maybe it depends what side of the ball hits the arm lol
ive always thought ziyech was most likely to flop, there must have been a reason no one wanted him for so cheap for so long
Would you rather your club be taken over by some sheikh to advertise an oil country but keep the name and badge or by a company to advertise an energy drink but lose your clubs identity?
Has he done anything since Tuchel arrived to deserve being rated?
Thiago PL career: 
The comments on 'United not improving under Ole' post were... interesting, to say the least. Suddenly everyone's an expert on us, never seen so many people talk so confidently out of their asses.
An old man once said..
Whats your problem, guy didnt say anything for your response to make sense.
If spurs had a world class centre back they would improve so drastically, had they splurged 50m on a proper quality centre back in summer i think theyd be in a title race now.
Mane with the diving header
Would be nice to see the players try
Yep. The PGMOL is terrible
And Chelsea
The fact 6 new teams get put into it every season makes it exciting. Youve got Wednesday in the play off final a few seasons ago now they look like theyre going down. Even Barnsley this season are pushing for playoffs. Mad league. 3 wins in a week can catapult you up the table.
Ah yeah, the famous statistician Jack Grealish. Do you get your medical advice from him too?
Bruno has done more for our team in a year than Pogba's done in five. He might be the more talented player "on his day" but the inconsistencies, injuries and general attitude problems mean most top clubs wouldn't dare touch him.Bruno would walk into every team in the league, potentially even the world with his current form.
I can't unsee that now.
Blumenau?
To be fair I'm not arsed that it was posted here.
Thats a million dollar idea
Was that Werner's shit first touch I keep reading about
And people say his recruitment is bad lol, he's built a whole new squad who are walking the league.
It's irrelevant how close the player is, if you stick your arm out while defending you're liable to give away a penalty.
Just not true
Spurs vs Man City in November last year. It feels even more impressive after seeing City's incredible run from then on till now.
Salah is the rat jumping from the sinking ship Please upvote if you appreciate the comment
Barcelona have done well because of Messi, when Messi was out of form Barcelona was out of form. The hype of their transition dies when he is not on the pitch. Anyone who watches them can tell you as much.
?????????
I love emojis i dont why reddit hate it, they can express certain emotions very well...
Do Portsmouth and Liverpool have a rivalry? Weird comment
Wright-Phillips
You have no ability to be embarrassed, your comments are regular proof of that.
Suarez dive in front of Moyes.
So Thomas Meunier earns 10x of Saka's wages
Theyll win it eitherway
What the fuck lmaooooo I'm done
Wow. Klopp actually subbed Salah off, hes always so hesitant to do that
depends how much teams are willing to pay if hes injured for almost an entire season if were receiving offers of around the same price speculated in the summer (around 40-50m) then we have to take it
I get angrier and angrier watching Trent defend on that goal. Lazy
Two players you often confuse with each other: A threadBoth on and off the pitch counts.
Infuriatingly this is the rule now, however unfair it is. The referee can only correctly enforce the rule.
That was a half-joke tbh I didn't expect a serious response
I'll take it as finally getting the Dier "handball" v Newcastle balanced out, but that's bullshit. We should've conceded then, it should be 1-1
The refs should explain to clear it up, instead of having us all confused and angry
I haven't been on this sub for that long, what was his claim to fame?
This may traditionally be true that back threes aren't as efficient but as both CBs and wide backs become better ball players it does increasingly have some merit. I think alot comes down to what quality of players you have. Another argument for is how many top teams play with wide front threes like city liverpool etc. a back 5 stifles the ability to get in behind with the extra cb as cover and wing backs getting forward force the wingers to track back.
Kante got away with one there
Hi, Andre
So bad..
Stephen Ireland, though he did play a bit after the takeover
He also proved himself in CL. He was just unlucky to play against much better teams.
Gazzaniga when his hair is short is the most beautiful player to have ever played in the PL.
Sleeping okay after loosing!! He should be careful Real fans and media might get offended that he is not loosing his sleep while loosing.
Yeah but now we can complain about the overall standard of VAR.
Would you rather have well-represented European competitions or competitive domestic leagues? Unless you have piles of cash lying around (see: Premier League), you can't have both.
Id feel sorry for them, delusional people like that dont deserve pity
Well yeah, because he's had covid and didn't play for quite some time now...
He's right. At one time football was a culture, for the local teams to beat other towns. Now it's just a " my franchise can beat your franchise" , with foreigners coincidentally having a reason to choose the big team of the last few years.I was born in Liverpool , grew up here, family here and will probably die here.   Im just sat here now, pretending I support Barcelona . It's not even close to the same connection. I've never been the city, no real family or memories and the only time I'll get to see them is on tv. Any randomer can do the exact same thing. It's just not the same
Classic Kroos! Gotta love the guy though lol.
1. Arm is in natural position2. Didnt have time to react3. Defenders just hoofing the ball at players hands to win a foul
He is shit, Chelsea would be 2 goals up with a better player.
That's a pen
Forgot to switch accounts?
Do people in Maharashtra follow football?
zero sympathy for them, I will never have any sympathy for a handball in the box call going against an opposing team after the Mane handball call in the champions league final.
r/soccer has no ambassador mod to chelsea?
What was he meant to do with his arm?
In previous seasons he has both played up front and taken penalties it should be noted.
And you Know everything who is not more than a Reddit user, good
Then almost all big club fans are plastic according to your logic. They thrive on foreign fans
Lmao exactly, his sucking off Barcelona is too obvious
Kroos isn't that childish. He's pretty honest and direct
Tbf mane couldve gone down for a pen in the first few mins but stayed on his feet. Its the refs fault for only calling when a player goes down. The officiating in the prem is absolutely fucking disgraceful
milner 
The lack of consistency in VAR decisions is making me tear my hair out.Compare what Fulham got a goal chalked off for earlier compared to that Kante incident.Maddening.
you just did the same thing guy !!
Play to the whistle.
where do you think brighton would finish in the pl if they had 2015/16 suarez fully fit for a whole season?
Attacking handball law, which is completely different.
How do you not lol
The first time ever I am hoping for a 0-0 draw.
FTF is the best thread on this sub consistently
Baffling
Definitely noticed a lot more Bayern flairs after their treble win.
Bundesliga VAR properly doesn't count your arms when reviewing this stuff.
Just shows you how many plastics there are.
Werner is a disgrace
Never thought I would ever wholeheartedly agree with a manc. Spot on my exact feeling, watching more out of habit is exactly what Im doing.
Newcastle are a lot worse then Fulham and Wilson won't be enough to keep them up.
And you're everyone?
Curtis Jones is better than Milner Ox and Keita.
Oh god yeah the most obvious one - cant believe I forgot him.
Can't make shit subs if you make none at all *taps temple*
Yeah I really am at that stage now as well. I'm pretty much only watching Wolves games now. This season all feels pointless and like it doesn't actually mean anything.
Really need a goal out of this dominant spell.
Wouldve loved a draw to keep the hammers higher
Klopp just did what you do in fifa when you accidentally press R2 and x to sub trying to skip the cutscene
Went back home on someone else's bike because I was a bit drunk Only realised the next morning that I had committed bike theft
What happened that made in a shithouse win?
Wolves are there to help us (Portuguese clubs) in times of need.
5 defeats at home consecutive. First time in their history
Yeah when I think of it I do want people calling him a donkey... I guess I have little love left for him still after we were trying to sign last summer.
IIRC they removed europa league for 6th place. I am not sure tho
Muh sport
Was it tasty?
well Chelsea was quite a bit better, but made it too easy for them.
oh i agree, if you can get them in together please do but mount has to play, hes been chelesea best players for ages
On German TV it was the opposite. Liverpool got trashed by the commentators
Good for you.
Puli on against this backline? Might get back into form tbh.
Pope should be first choice imo
Nice backtracking mate.> it started this summer > It's been going on longer, yesJust obvious proof that you're neither neutral nor well informed on the matter.
KDB has to be in there somewhere
Werner woke up feeling dangerous
Dont under sell yourself. Get yourself Football Manager & FIFA every year and just say you discovered the new wonderkids
Might be an odd one but Hitz and sommer look same to me
Quick google search tells me:Mbappe - 22.4 mphHaaland - 22.36 mphThis is top speed.
Moukoko hasn't gotten much playtime recently due to Haaland being fit and in form, so he's usually on the bench. The following couple of games are crucial, so I wouldn't expect Terzic to risk Moukoko if Haaland is available.
You'd swear that was an easy chance. High bounce and Alisson was out.
> no young players are making any sort of substantial progressYou have Mendy, Odegaard, Rodrygo, Valverde, and Militao who will all likely be top players within a few years
I noticed that. Didn't know we needed a shorter word for snitch
I'm jealous that he's actually a chelsea fan. Dont see him leaving you lol
I'll send you Firmino's shadow playing a Leicester player onside later
Fekir didnt captain France and wasnt one of their best players in the tournament though
Honestly feels like it
lmaoo we are so lucky
Werner hears you lads
Shocking sub that
Pathetic
Mendy stresses me out. Just a howler waiting to happen
What the fuck is that Man United post in the front page?
De Gea Shaw Lindelof, but it's very close imo Pogba Saka Auba
> Have these people who've been paid a lot of money triedProbably, yes.
There was a period under Sarri where Kante looked like he was getting better on the ball but he really is just atrocious now. He obviously contributes a lot in defence but its so frustrating watching him with it at his feet, just a massive void in the middle of the pitch.
I'd be delighted with my agent if I was him, got a massive pay rise and can now just sit around collecting cash without a care in the world
It's ludicrous to me that neither Marriner nor the linesman kept an eye on who did it. I could understand maybe one getting a bad angle and not catching the number or name, but one of them should be able to see. So I think it is a bad mistake.
give us some more one liners love. 6th in the league doesn't sound as sharp.
YOU CAN'T NOT GIVE THAT A PEN AND NOT GIVE A PEN FOR FULHAM LAST MATCHWHAT THE FUCK VAR
#Firmino 26 played6 goals 5 assists6 Big chances created76 percent dribbles successBig chances missed 11
Sooo true lol
A RB version of my club wouldnt be my club anymore tho
I thought we'd finish above Liverpool in the 19/20 season.No, I was not high.
Lad's just unlucky tbh
like october/november i think. since then its been nonstop tweaks to his hamstrings i think the guy is about to fall apart
Its also that song by Aladdin but nobody cares cause hes not English smh
It's not just picking a random word. Far from it. It's been used since the 30s and it's derived from Cockney-Rhyming-Slang for copper (policeman) - grasshopper - grass+copper. It may be weird, but it's no more "fucking stupid" than any word you use. I think people are more annoyed at your sheer ignorance tbh.
So thats fine but the Fulham one was handball? Fuck VAR
I'm 37 and the day Daryl Hannah retweeted me was still the best day of my life.
Worlds gone bafana bafana
It used to be like this at the start of the season but they changed the rule halfway through the season
Klopp needs to start fining Mane every time he goes down for no reason
Correct call. This happened to us in the champions league final. Now fullham knows what it feels like
Feel bad for Chelsea but those have been given against Liverpool too so not gonna complain
Whatd he say? I have American coverage
A lot of people on the LFC subreddit actually want to ban Romano. The main reason is because back in the summer before we signed Thiago, his and Falks non updates kept being posted and people got really annoyed cause there was hardly ever new info. So now people want to put him on the same tier as the S*n, Daily Mail, Express etc. which is mind boggling to me.
That's not what people are "abusing" him for. Also would you say abusing people who voted for Putin as a "fascist" move? Putin is a fascist, so calling out people who vote for him is not fascist. What a dumb thing to say.
For years, if not decades, FIFA and other soccer officials said they wanted more scoring.So it will never cease to baffle me as to why they continue to use technology to call handballs and offside tighter and tighter.The natural and easy-to-implement solution for scoring was to return to encouraging referees to employ a visual "tie/benefit of doubt goes to the attacker"  mentality.Instead they've made the implementation of these rules at the utter marginal level a complete embarrassment to the game.
I wouldnt say without a doubt but in a hypothetical situation where he was at Manchester United this season hed definitely bag more goals than Martial
if they give that as a pen....
Chelsea would be 2 goals up every game with a better player. he genuinely misses like at least one big chance a game its awful
Mane jota salah frontline
Saturday's game was so weird. You fully deserved to win based on the first half performance, you were looking extremely dangerous. I have no idea what happened in the second half, the effort levels from your players were actually fraudulent.
Man I just visited PSG sub to read they are shitting themselves
Is there any free football api that gives me week by week results?
If they had Inzaghi they would win the Champions League
at least remove the liverpool flair if you want to bait people by your hot takes. No one's gonna fall for this
Ahhh lol fairs
not an easy chance but Mane has to do more there
I don't want them to dive, I'm not the person who said that.
Wtf. What else can you even say at this point?
Can't really blame Pep for how that turned out. Also, we got Zinchenko for 2.5 mil and Delph for 8 mil. Not all our signings have been 30+
Are you? pity, maybe society can still accept you for who you are.
I think the "hot" part was sarcastic on OP's part.
is it possible for liverpool to miss out europa league
Yes Salzburg does scout better
Being funny can get you really far
Bit harsh, he's not that bad
This is really some borderline playing out the back from Chelsea.
*Crying with 4 UCLs and a world cup*
He walks over every XI in the world except maybe Bayern and City but that doesn't mean he is the best player in PL but defo top5.
Just wait till he emigrates to Argentina...
https://twitter.com/Worville/status/1367513604522704906?s=20 It's time to acknowledge that expected stats have won.
Nowadays whenever i watch old highlights it feels really weird seeing fans
No-one can convince me that the current set of rule makers have played this sport at any level, even just a kick about on Astro turf with mates. I dont get what this rule is meant to achieve or prevent at all, except to piss people off
Fair enough then. Tierney has been all over the shop tonight
u/supergarlicbread what are your thoughts on Rashford telling Maguire to shut the fuck up you knobhead
Could you please help me with what exactly people find classy about him then?
Worst rule in sports. Teaches players to aim for the hand.
He literally rephrased what he said lmao
Been saying it for years and I'll keep saying it until my words turn into "told you so".Football is an antiquated sport that doesn't make sense in the modern world. It was created in the 1800s and doesn't hold up.Players are stronger, fitter, and absolute beasts for like five tiers of league play. 11 v 11 made sense before when it was baker bob who defended but when you have a 500 mil defensive line who are closer to robots than people, it doesn't make sense anymore and it becomes way too easy to defend. Offside was a "ah bob mate, larry just stands by the post and smokes and waits for the ball, u wanna make a rule against that?", it doesn't make sense now, just let players do whatever they want and we'll see less 90 minutes matches of handball around a parked bus.Everything is antiquated and boring and only held up by highlights and things around the sport like the game FIFA and branding.* Remove offside* Completely revamp referees and diving, any embellishment that is absolutely obvious and ridiculous to anyone who's not a football fan is a yellow card instantly. This might make you think "oh that's already a rule" yeah but it's not enforced, every single game has like 50 embellishments/dives. A 190 cm muscle beast who trains everyday falls to some shorter player accidentally blowing on him, someone who doesn't watch the sport and watches for the first time is completely confused while every football fan just watches and is numb to it.* If you roll around for 10-20 seconds in what-looks-to-be severe pain, then you need to be either subbed or minimum 5 minutes out of the pitch. It's ridiculous how normalized it is for a player to be down exactly for X amount of time, in what looks to be astonishing **agony** then when X amount of time has passed where the ref will ask you to leave the pitch, you are fine again. Or even worse, stay longer and then get called on instantly anyway.* Tactical fouls? No, red card. Play the game the way it is supposed to, don't use infractions as a tactic.* In general just refs card EVERYTHING, tired of watching 75 minutes of a match of players clinging and beating players like De Jong up but getting nothing until the customary 76th minute yellow card comes out as if it's some sort of punishment.* HOW LONG THE MATCH HAS BEEN PLAYED IS IRRELEVANT TO REF DECISIONS. I don't fucking care if it's 2 minutes in, if someone did something that deserves a red, it's a red. Same with yellow or anything.* Again: ENFORCE FUCKING RULES. Oh the keeper can only hold the ball for 6 seconds, let's not do anything when he holds it for 45 seconds wasting time. Jesus christ. Set a timer, 12 seconds from when he first touched the ball uninterrupted by anyone else, if you have no one to pass, or down on the ground or whatever, that's your problem, you have 12 seconds.* Let halves be 30 minutes instead of 45 but effective time, meaning time is stopped instantly when the ball is not in play.
Its not the height. Some people are just born with better mobility that allows them to dribble very well. We have many short players who cant dribble like Cruijff, Nazario, Zidane, Bergkamp, Laudrup etc. Theres a misconception that only short dribblers can dribble really well.
The front 4 Reddit has been wanting ever since we re-signed Bale.
Christmas was earlier in the season than usual tbf
Dont. Flick will down a couple beers and fuck up the inflated orange that is Koeman
Eh the post has its merits, and in all honesty deserves a good discussion but most people don't like being told outright that this season is the same as the previous ones and we haven't made ANY progress
Embarrasing for the ref really
That and being better on the day
Not to mention the NUMEROUS fuck ups against underwhelming competition, this season, when we played teams "on our level" we were absolutely shafted.One exception was the Juve game in Torino, and they were without Cristiano Ronaldo.Valverde played with what he had, he made mistakes, and i eventually wanted him out, sure, but you can never say we weren't sound under him. We almost went unbeaten and won the FUCKING DOUBLE in a season when Neymar left and his replacement was basically non-existant for the entire year. The CL meltdowns are just the team not being good enough, tactics and Messi will take you far enough, in La Liga but in the CL when you face top class competition, you actually need a good team.We nearly won the Champions League under Valverde, never forget that. We needed one goal at Anfield, and we would run over Spurs in the Final more easily than Liverpool did.Koeman is not underperforming but neither is he overperforming. He's exactly what i expected him to be, he's managing expectations, making some good stuff (playing youngsters regularly) and some awful things (i don't need to count them out) The Sevilla game yesterday was purely Sevilla's fault. They made 5 major mistakes in the last 20 minutes, it's 100% their own making. If we go out last night, Koeman's useless. We went through, so Koeman's bringing back Pep-ball.This is how people are on the internet.
Neves - Neto Cancelo - RodriCeballos - Mari Zinchenko - De Bruyne (from afar)Holgate - GodfreyJames McCarthy - James McArthur (name only)Dunk - Duffy - Webster - White (think they're the same person cloned)BurnleyStruijk - douche Christian Bale
Lost in a system that doesnt suit him
Referee made the correct decision by the letter of the law though. It's the way the law is written that causes this
Liverpool sparked in to life a bit after the suspect VAR call.
Get Simeone and Pep, one for defense and one for offense! 
Ox is stealing a living at this point. Absolutely nothing provided since his injury
The best way to break a team like Chelsea is to have essentially "rovers" in attacking midfield areas that can push out wide and interchange with wingers or wide midfielders. You would also be better served playing with a forward like firmino who gets the ball in small spaces and distributes back out wide or short passes to creat havoc in the box. Since Chelsea will obviously remain compact it is about creating space or mismatches through continuous overlapping and bringing the ball into a tight space and out into space.
Pathetic attempt by Werner. Jesus christ.
Exactly
I would go for this personally:De GeaZabaleta - Kompany - Van Dijk - AzpilicuetaDe Bruyne - Kante - SilvaSalah - Aguero - Hazard
The more in box indirect FKs the better in my book.
For saying the word "foreigner"? You got to be kidding...
What a fucking goal
I mean how the fuck can you not give that, yet give the Fulham one earlier?For the record I think neither are handball but some consistency please.
What do you expect him to do? Tweet "I'm not going to Chelsea"?
These handball rules and offside rules varies from game to game, referee to referee. Doesn't the regulators know it themselves? Don't they watch afterwards?
Its actually right based on the current rules. Basically how it was last year but now its only if its directly before a goal, intent doesnt come into it. Still looks tragically unfair, but more on the rules
And the MLS All Star game.
See the incident from the Fulham game where one was indeed given, and yes, we should all give up!
Brilliant
Exactly. The point of xG is simply to say that x shot or x shots taken from a certain location, on a certain foot, after certain men beat etc... will result in a goal y% of the time.(It would not be y of course, rather z^15 or something when all factors are accounted for.)
does Tuchel ruin every big game he participates in?
Dias should win it but a few players in other teams are more worthy than Cancelo.
I agree. It was nothing other than a demotion for Evans and the club indicating that he's not up for the task alone. Can never see this sort of co-management being good for anyone in football.
Probably not, considering we have Thiago silva. Imo silva can play long balls behind the line almost as good as luiz and he is for sure the better defender. But luiz would probably play a lot due to Silvas age.
Its 3 PM in Milwaukee
My fav part is the fake crowd noise. Real fans at the stadium would be going full DT, Troopz right now lol.
"An accidental handball by an attacking player or team-mate will only be penalised if it occurs immediately before a goal or a goalscoring opportunity.If an attacking player accidentally touches the ball with their hand or arm and then scores a goal, or the ball goes to another attacking player and they immediately score, this is a handball offence."But ok
Idk I find it funny
Surely pretty much any semi decent manager is going to do better with this squad then what Mourinho was doing along with not alienating some of your better players and considering you sit 5 points do the CL spots that's a good sign that you aren't far away from Champions League football in the next coming seasons.
And you havent won it since then while he went on to win it 3 times in a row
Does the ball still sound different with Thiago kicks it?
If that's the case there is no need to tag the other user without their permission
Liverpool's done this season. Not getting top 4 imo
Utd board will eventually have to accept that Ole isnt the man. That dire football isnt helping either.
Is this what it feels like to have a VAR decision go in your favour.
He is Nigerian-German actually, his full name is Pharrell Nnamdi Collins. I always make a mistake in spelling Nnamdi so I just go by Pharrell Collins haha>With your current defensive issues do you see more youth integration or will Dortmund look to make transfers for more established players?It looks like we will go for youth. We have recently signed Soumalia Coulibaly from PSG U19s, if that's anything to go by and he's rumoured to get in the first team next season.We already have senior players in Hummels, Akanji, Can who can play CB, so unless one of them leaves I don't think we will sign an established player.
World Cup would probably be a better comparison
Clearly they do If his arm isnt there it hits his hip too. Not to mention the ball is kicked from like a meter away. This is such a shitty application of the rule, it has to be changed.
What about him? Hes been missing for like 3 seasons. Not going to put too much weight into this. Hes got a great pairing with Dias and I dont think hell have that with anyone else at England
I'm not even Brazilian but I enjoy seeing Richarlison doing well, he is imo the best Brazilian striker atm. Always enjoyed his connection with Neymar on the pitch when playing for Brazil.
VAR is fine. Is the ridiculous rules and those monitoring need sorting out
Here's the relevant rule and the whole context for everyone this is 20/21 LotG and this does include the clarification that not every handball in the buildup by the last two players is considered to be illegal, but there's still the "immediately creates a goal-scoring opportunity" language present:Handling the ballFor the purposes of determining handball offences, the upper boundary of the arm is in line with the bottom of the armpit.**It is an offence if a player**: * deliberately touches the ball with their hand/arm, including moving the hand/arm towards the ball* scores in the opponents goal directly from their hand/arm, even if accidental, including by the goalkeeper* **after the ball has touched their or a team-mates hand/arm, even if accidental, immediately:**  * scores in the opponents goal  * **creates a goal-scoring opportunity*** touches the ball with their hand/arm when:  * the hand/arm has made their body unnaturally bigger  * the hand/arm is above/beyond their shoulder level unless the player deliberately plays the ball which then touches their hand/armThe above offences apply even if the ball touches a players hand/arm directly from the head or body including the foot of another player who is close.Except for the above offences, it is not an offence if the ball touches a players hand/arm:  * directly from the players own head or body including the foot  * directly from the head or body including the foot of another player who is close * if the hand/arm is close to the body and does not make the body unnaturally bigger * when a player falls and the hand/arm is between the body and the ground to support the body, but not extended laterally or vertically away from the body
Ah no way lol
Please no i want a 3-3
jorginho jesus
He seems like a really chill guy
Can't handle the banter by 15 year olds i see
> those idiots couldn't score 1 goal in two matches?They scored two.Point is, the same people protecting him right now, would be shitting on him, if Sevilla didn't commit suicide in the last 20 minutes. It is what it is.
Damn Jorginho
I hate Gary Neville on commentary for United games. Not only he is biased he also ignore the other team completely
mount is fucking everywhere
Headshot
I know how expectation works hahaIts different to card games because the probability of getting all the underlying possible combinations are set in stone and will never change.
When was the last time we had a Penaltypool FC? I kind of want one tbf looking at the table
Mounts passes look like prime Barca speed and accuracy
Can't wait to have u/shaqiristhighs over at r/mcfc
ZZ can do no wrong. His decision of ostracizing Jovic and then sending him on loan was clearly the right one.
The rule now is just broken. Nobody thinks that should be handball but according to the laws it is. I would rather have the odd wrong decision but a rule that aligns with the spirit of the law, i.e. stopping players handling the ball to gain an advantage
Apparently Valverde is too long to type. Tbh as long as they know who theyre talking about I dont see the issue.
Used to like him as well tbh but hes been annoying for the last year or so
It's amazing how much pogba is disrespected lol, anything I will say will be taken as rodri slander
Thought it was Friday and got excited for FTF
James should've took it on the volley for a worldie, the coward!
You can say the same for TAA, he already has 164 appearances for Liverpool.
Manager at the biggest English club is too scared to have his stars attack against the big teams because they conceded 6 in the first big game. This is as tinpot as it gets.And you're second only because Liverpool and Leicester have unusually high injury count and Tuchel's only just come in. I hope you know that if you lose on Sunday, you'd be in the top 4 battle and a CL spot won't be as certain as you think it is.Also, not quite sure why you think it'll set you 2+ years back and I'd love to know the reasoning behind it.
I'm clearly way too tired to be browsing Reddit, please end me.
Werner has been good tonight despite not scoring.
> We know that Pogba is at his absolute best when he plays in front of two midfielders sitting behind him, we've seen it here and also at Juventus. I think you are making a big assumption here. Pogba was also excellent for France in the world cup as part of a pivot next to a top tier defensive midfielder. He can absolutely play there at a high level in the right setup> Let's say the new RW is Sancho. Would that not be a balanced front 6? Yes, but I am not convinced it's as balanced as having Pogba in the pivot honestly> The three behind the striker can all create *and* score on an elite level which I can't really say for Rashford tbh, the playmaker part IIRC Rashford has been our second most creative player over the past 2 seasons, behind only Bruno. Pogba also doesn't score at an elite level and while he's creative, he hasn't been assisting at an elite level either in the past year or two> I like Rashford, but wouldn't you say it's more important for the team to cater to our two best players' strength Bruno/Pogba? As part of the above statements, I would argue a fit Rashford is arguably our second best player, not Pogba. Maybe not on pure talent, but on how they've performed in the past 2 seasonsI think you're right, it is subjective, but for me I'd rather have Rashford's threat from the left and have pogba deeper than have pogba out left and depend on Fref/Scott for creativity and ball progression
MONEY MASE
I would say plastics are the biggest threat this sport is facing at the moment.
Barella. Can tell he has so much passion for the game, is an excellent player and is a proper shit houser.
Hes won it all, not the most disappointing moment in his career Im sure.
I don't know. I feel like Liverpool are due a big win, like that win against Spurs. But inevitably it won't matter because you will then draw with Fulham and then lose to Wolves
How is it awful call when it's the right call?
Point is, the same people protecting him right now, would be shitting on him, if Sevilla didn't commit suicide in the last 20 minutes. It is what it is.
To me Greatest and Best are different things. Messi is the best footballer Ive ever seen. Greatest entails more context than pure ability imo, and in that case, Id say the likes of Pele, Maradona, and Cruijff exceed Messi.
ESPN reporting that Chelsea and Man City wants to buy Lewa 
Prem refs are diabolical lmfao
cafu would struggle in a backline that changes every game. And playing every game in this schedule.
Atkinson: "too much talking if I give it"
Let's say Dortmund win the Pokal, get top 4 (which looked almost unlikely a few months ago), and get to the quarterfinals in the CL, which they've done twice since their 12/13 final appearance. Would that mean Terzi would stay? Winning a trophy is always a plus, plus Terzi came in the middle of the season, and didn't get a proper transfer window as well. Would Dortmund really fire him and replace him with Rose? Rose himself might even get sacked soon, Gladbach are out of the cups and are probably not even getting top 4.
I was fully expecting a penalty. So confused all the time now.
I havent been paying a lot of attention, but Mane seems really off this season, can someone confirm?
Hey step-brother what are you doooing?
The bare minimum for me.
If they use that arm lmao
It's been used before. GAA grounds were included in Ireland's Rugby World Cup bid. I can't imagine the Irish Government backing the bid if there's only going to be a handful of games in the Aviva and nothing else. Not using the stadium with the 3rd largest capacity in Europe would be a waste. In a great location for going to the pub before and after, easy to get to from the city centre and well used to dealing with large crowds. Would be an absolute shame if it wasn't used
The fans in those comments are incredibly childish
Hey that's us in November December.
Starting to get the best through our midfield the last 5. Way too easy on the right side
That's due to the rules, and why I dislike it. The rules explicitly state now that you'd give a handball like this against an attacking player, but not give it against a defending player despite it being the exact same action. You're penalising the consequence rather than the action the player does.
Fernandes would be accommodated tbh
he's had the job for about two months and they were excellent against Barca
That was a clear penalty, what the fuck.
He had time to let it drop
Mason with a pass so weak he passed it to himself.
Yea like I think both their comments were pretty innocuous. You think Mounts comments were disrespectful? If someone says they arent going to lose sleep before the game then saying that maybe they should have lost sleep over the team is hardly unfair after dominating them the way Chelsea did.
can't see anyone spending what he would cost after this COVID season tbh
And he told you that?
